I'm a Christian and I love listening to Skillet, Disciple, Thousand Foot Krutch, Pillar, Hawk Nelson & Emery. Can you suggest any more bands like these ones? Thanx. :]
Chris Brown - Heart aint a brain? A happy ending makes it right..... or A happy ending makes you cry?? I just found the second one and I think that this is the right one. I saw lots of answers at Heart aint a brain lyrics and i googled it and only found result of the first one which I definitly think is wrong.
my favorite is led zeppelin oh and whats your favorite song by that band P.S. ALL AMERICAN REJECTS IS NOT A CLASSIC ROCK BAND
In the subreal reality Between suburban and reality I don't take kindly when your speaking to me You should just go, you should go now Aniexty is slipping in, and thought I could get some peace agian But no more, no more now, no no more now Summer has come and gone Now the hell has come rolled along Now I'm sweating bullets just cause For unjust cause, I'm dreaming for an unjust cause Try to do emotional trade off, but your only left with emotional scars Emotianal Scars and emotional  Try anything you wanna do  As long it leads me closer to you I'm breaking down, I'm going down Staying up all night Trying to shake away demons that live inside Let's go away, let's go away Sleeping pills in one hand This never works out the way I planned Always fails...Always fails Anyway you want to go As long it's not doing anything I'm tired of this stupid game Stupid game called aniexty I'm tired and pissed your messing with me And anything you wanna do Tell ya what I'm not getting closer to you I'm too self centered, yeah too self centered  And everything's gotta go Rollback on lifes little problem you know Yeah yeah we all know, we know  Do whatever you wanna do I'm not getting closer to you Anexity, no it's anexity   And it's called anexity, I stole one line from birthday girl-with patrick stump singing...Uhh it's the one that says do anything you wanna do, but in the song he says, What is it we wanna do...so really it's just not sounding anything along the lines of that, I just drawed inspiration lol...My songwritting needs something else with it, I just don't know what...I can write really good metafores I just need to be really high, just kidding, I don't know have tips? lame...gosh, REPOST...
I googled and found nothing useful. Am I spelling it right? Is there any know source to listen to this song online?
Hey! I really love singing and its fun for me to sing. I'm also good (I think), but I don't really know since I've never sung to anyone before. I think I might want to be a singer eventually, but I get SO nervous when I have to do anything in front of an audience. Does anyone have any tips to work through this? I reallly want to show people that I can sing! Thank you guys! ^_^
Here's a mini-clip of me singing Power of Love by Celine Dion. It's a tiny bit loud, because I'm a little bit lazy and I can't be bothered to make it a little bit quieter... so just fiddle with the volume until it makes you happy. :D Sorry that the last word gets cut off, too--I can't really be bothered to fix that either... >.<;  Anyways, please give me constructive criticism. Any suggestions for hitting the high notes and making them sound decent?  http://youtube.com/watch?v=DCOL2CG_O8g  P.S. I realize that I am a guy singing Celine Dion, he he. If you don't like that... too bad?
Does a non remix version of And Then We Kiss by Britney Spears exist? The song is on the 2005 Remix Album, \"B in the mix\" and it's And Then We Kiss (Junkie XL). Does a normal version or demo exist?
20 wuld b gud, plz 1st til last
I heard it a few times before, but it doesn't appear anywhere on the internet... The only place I found was this: http://youtube.com/watch?v=BJQuvm7WetQ  Please tell me if you know the name of the song, the artist, or a place in which i can hear it or download it.  Thank You!
I can't think of the name of this 90's country song.  The video showed a guy coming home to an empty house with a video of his woman drilling holes in his bowling ball and selling his jet ski for $50 among other damage to his many toys.  Does anyone remember the name of it?
dodedodedo dodedodedo dodododo dodododo dodedodedo  Its been stuck in my head.  It maybe classical music... not to sure. But I've heard it in arcades on the grabbers before so it's probably really old. if i had a sound clip i could probably work out what it is.  Its got a tinkling sound in the background and may have been played on the keyboard.  I'm not even sure if it has lyrics, especially as its just the intro.
How do you pronounce Johnny's last name?
It had characters dressed like they were in robin hood times. The scruffy haired lead singer was walking along a trail to a farmhouse leading on to a county fair, accompaning him was a dancing midget dressed like a jester. The song he was belting out was very new wave and the part I remember was; \"We can dance, we can dance...\"   Anyone know the singer and the song? \"We can dance, we can dance\" has been playing at the back of my mind for two decades now.
i think its an amazing song
Manuel de Falla(1876-1946): one of if not the greatest of Spanish composers, in my opinion.       What about yours?  Are you familiar with him and any of his works?  Do you know of significant contributions he made to world culture/history, other than his compositions?       Or, if you are not familiar with him, are there any particular questions that you would like to ask of those who are, and respond subsequent to your posting a question?       I love his music, and consider some to be indisputeable master-pieces; but will leave to those who might agree, to identify and elaborate on why he and his contributions are significant, and are deserving of a much greater exposure on this forum.        Please feel free to offer any criticizms - positive or negative - with regards to my format of this topic.       And please, list your nominee(s)which you think would be a good composer to be considered on this series.                                                       Alberich
Duran Duran for me, STILL love them, especially Simon ;)
Getting married in a month - lots of Romanians coming.  Would be good to have some Romanian wedding hits on the playlist - any Romanians out there have suggestions of songs I can buy / download?  Thanks!! xxx
this song was sung by Ali Abbas in Junnon kuch kar dikhane ka...but plz let me know who is the original artist of the song.. its a sufi song...if any body knows abt this do let me know from where i could download the song....  Kde aa mil sawar yr ve mere loo loo cheikh pukar ve mere jindadi hoye uddas ve  mere saajan aass na pass ve...
And the kids are like ten...I seriously dispise Kidz Bop.  ESPECIALLY their commercials.  They make me embarrassed to be watching the commercial
If I was going to buy 1 The Used cds, and I already have Lies for the Liars, what should I get?
wat are some good songs by the band high and mighty color, i have pride, all alone and ichirin no hana but im pretty sure there are more
i like techno and rnb music but i cant seem to find a website to download them from.  i like recent songs like: -(cascada)what hurts the most -2pac shes like a star -ill never love again -(darren styles mix)before i sleep -colours of hardstyle  tks to tell u the truth i dont really kno who they are. but i like music that i can dance to, like hardcore or somethin i havnt relly decided yet :)
do you reckon this festival was ruined cos of jay z???
i have a 10\" vinyl by the manics called masses against the classes which was limited edtion. im thinking selling it anyone know how much it could be worth?
it goes like i love you babayyyy some other stuff lal lalalala  i love you babayyyyyyyyy loll anyone knoe ittttt?
Does anybody know if Tool will be doing a uk tour this year or next year?   I can only find details of last years.
iv heard it a lot recently  Starts off - I walk a lonely road, then says - \"the shadow of the one who walks beside me\"  dont normally like rock but love that tune just not sure what it is or who by
There is currently a Lupe Fiasco - Superstar remix playing on Kiss 100 (UK) and its set to an old clubbing tune in the background, I love the backing clubbing tune and really want to know what it is! It started and I was like \"Yes!! I love this tune\" but then Lupe Fiasco started singing, I really want to know what the backing tune is pleasee :)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIt1IJp8rF0 this is the video
Why is it whenever a man or male band releases a song in the \"rock\" genre it's classed as rock but whenever a girl releases a song it's in the \"pop rock\" genre? I've asked this question before and no one seemed able to give me a good answer but I think you hit the nail on the head \"Andy S\".  Thanks :)
heard this when out the other nite, it is euphoria sound to it then breaks down to like church men going ooooooooaaaaaaaaaaoooooooooo then kicks back into the tune again,any ideas?,shit description but thats all i remember
hello just wanted to know some other pop/pop rock songs for my ipod. soo yes i already have all mikas songs and all of queens songs, i like panic at the disco and maroon 5 is there any other songs like that, that i would like =)please tell me thank youuu
i would like to know if there are any sites (other than wiki) that tells you when single songs are being released
any good songs that are well known by people so i'm not the only one singing hahaha coz that would be hell!
hi there..anyone know the name of the song which is played at the end of one of the commercials..lyrics are \"you want it all..get on the floor..now thsi is real..\"  thanks appreciate the help
can anyone tell me tha name and artist of this greek song  it goes da a di la da da kai o mageras fonazi da da di la da da etc
First of all... If you make a parody of a song is it violating copy-write? And if it is... can you tell me a quick and easy way to contact the music artists... Or could you give me a step by step walk-through? My band needs to know...
Hey, i have downloaded The Version 7 of pantera - walk for guitar pro..It has 5 stars by 16 people who rated it. it's appearnlty the most correct tab for the song..   This is Pantera's Lead guitarplayer playing the solo :  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0-OfXmVCVw  I don't think the version_7 for the guitar pro is a 5 stars correct and i think there are a few notes missing in this tab.. can someone put a link for the tab that is like the same or atleast Better than Version_7??  *A TAB FOR GUITAR PRO WILL HELP MUCH MORE THAN A NORMAL TAB *  Oh and make sure it's not a tab for the newest guitar pro version!  Thanks
I am not sure if I am spelling it right, but I can't find it anywhere.....
I heard this song on 104.1 2day FM and I could only catch a few lines of the song. After about 20 minutes googling the lines, I decided to go for the easier option.  Heres a few lines/words that I got: \"You dont love me\" \"Selfish\" \"I dont want us to be the death of me\"  All answers appreciated, thanks!
theres this song that I hear on the radio quit often and i want to know the name so i can upload it onto my ipod.. the chours is like this.... im leavin n never cumin back again...smthn smthm...on the g-fly g-fly....UGH! please help...
In the music video it has a guy looking into a piano store at a piano. He has a light blue or grey beanie on. He ends up playing the piano... thats all i can remember. Its a fairly recent song within the last few years i think
I am looking for songs about adoption or a child finding and meeting his/her biological mom/dad for the first time. If anyone knows of any songs pertaining to either of those topics and could tell me I would really appreciate it..... I only know of one so far it's called Oklahoma by Billy Gilman.. I would like to find some others though.. Any help would be greatly appreciated.. Thanks to everyone who contributes...
This question will make perfect sense to those who understand.
it goes like  it was a gift from the heavens it was easy to tell it was love from above that can save me from hell
Just another boring night, and i decided to write a song, its quite a random song about driving through an Arizona desert. tell me what you think please, i sort of had a Doors rhythem in mind for it.   Red Skies A dusky sundown on an Arizona freeway, driving lonely on a hot summers day. A vastness of orange desert without the slightest sound., not a chance of life for miles around. The red skies glow with glory, a road taking me into a fairytale story.  (Music slows down) Why, I say. What a beautiful Arizona day. Sand whiter than  the whiteness of salt lake, The remoteness of this road, sends freedom my way. I own this road, for gods sake.   (Instrumental)  The roadsides lined with cacti for miles,  At speeds so fast they become nothing but green walls with yellow tiles. The sun is half cut beneath a mighty dune, when its gone, it\u2019ll be replaced by a cole desert moon.  (Music slows down) Why, I say. What a beautiful Arizona day. Sand whiter than the whiteness of salt lake, The remoteness of this road, sends freedom my way. I own this road, for gods sake.   (Instrumental until end)
female singer, acoustic, 6-8 timing, first words are \"what is your passion\" then maybe something about cirlces?
I've been looking at amazon and itunes, they do have AKFG at amazon but they have the cd's, I am looking for some of AKFG's singles like Loop&Loop. Any idea where to find them?
I'm certain I couldn't have made this up, but I've been asking around & searching for awhile..  Had to have been between 00'-04'.. I can't remember who the group was, or anything about the song really, but in the music video there was a visual of an alarm clock showing \"12:08\". I don't think it was a line of the lyrics (I've searched and found nothing) but I believe there were subtitles that said \"12:08, Our Last Goodbye\". That's the part thats important to me and the only thing that truely stands out. For the longest time I thought it was an Incubus song, but when I actually looked into it & tried to look it up, that was a completely different song. From what I remember it was an all male group (Not an individual singer) Pop/Alt/whatever you want to call the genre.. I saw the video on MTV or VH1.  If anyone knows what I'm talking about I would GREATLY appreciate any info. This has been in the back of my mind for years LOL. I need to know this memory actually exists :P  THANK YOU
The song is Doll by Daphne Khoo.
Okay it's like this, whenever I sing high notes, my throat gets itchy that I have to stop singing. It's like I'm going to choke if I didn't stop. I just want to know, why is it itching and what should I do to prevent it from happening? Thanks for those who'll answer. =]
On BBC 1 right now 11:32 am wednesday. There was some music playing in the background as they were looking in an Italian town. What is it. It's driving me mad. I can't find out what it's called. What's \"cats in the cradle\"? is it the artist or the tune? It was the music that was on very near the start of the program You must have all missed it. It isn't \"cats in the cradle\"
http://youtube.com/watch?v=ykW4rtW2eu0   i think its cool. :D btw. they're twins.
i'm looking for all kinds of stuff like Lady GaGa, Dragonette, The Presets, Forever the Sickest Kids, even Mindless Self Indulgence. Any music that's really beat-heavy and electronic influenced. Nothing too mellow or all instrumental.  Just throw your suggestions out there! Thanks
I'm gonna try to learn how to play acoustic guitar. Has anyone got any thoughts on the best beginners guitar to buy bearing in mind i don't want to spend more than about \u00A3100. I also need to know whether its possible to learn from watching DVDs. Where should i buy the guitar and whats the best tutorial DVD.  Thanks everyone.
i'm a boy...thirteen y.o... i can play the guitar well... can you give me new songs that is in now......  no hard songs please.... maybe medium ones...... thanks..........
It sounds like a alternative song   stop giving us hell we're freaking you your turning away out stop facing what were bringing   idk this part... heres the next part   we'll be the last ones in your life to breathe the air you left behind
there is a song playing on JJJ at the moment here in australia at the moment with a dude singing, In the chorus he repeats these lyrics - ''there's always two sides\" thanks for looking :)
where i can find the piano chord for bye bye by mariah carey
i heard it on the radio
Am after the lurics to the track show me,the song sung by the committments in the movie,any help would be great thanks
hehe, I just thought I'd ask to what song is nice to play during these emotions/situations:  sad excited rejected flirty ready to party dance mood.  thnx :] oh, im a teen & i dont like old music so pls. dont recomment oldies.
I want all of you to construct harmony relations...
......
Personally?  I don't.
any recommended songs about unrequited love? :)  thanks.  no raps please.
the adverts where carmella is getting married to marco in hospital nd the lyrics are something like \"wondering when darkness turns to light\" its song by a chick  help???
I heard this song in Home & Away in the scene where Matilda was grieving before she was going to leave Ric for Perth. I don't know what the song is or who wrote it, but can you give me the details of the song with these lyrics... (not very accurate, this is vaguely what I remember of it) \"Love won't wait, no love won't wait, you keep your hands in your pockets, no it's much too late...\" I know that is probably not the exact lyrics, but please provide me with the name and artist!?
I'm playing the prestissimo movement from Beethoven's sonata in F minor op.2.  I think I've made a mistake in playing it separately in three sections because when I put it all together I can't get through it without feeling intense fatigue.  The middle section doesn't include these triplet figures in the bass so I can use that to rest my wrists.  I intent to slow it down to a reasonable pace when I can play right through without fatigue...But what happens then?  Do I gradually speed it up again?  Tips greatly appreciated. Sorry, it slipped my mind to actually state that I'm a pianist!
can you give me the kinds of music and songs for each kind?thankssss
Hi!  Does anyone have or know where i could get the voiceless track for the song \"AM to PM\" by Christina Milian? I'm not going to use it for singing, i'm going to use it for dancing so i don't mean the Karaoke / Midi track.  =]
i need to know catchy moroccan songs.
he is the next TOP producer....... was bored...f---in around on myspace...then went to his soundclick page....which i had no idea existed.....haha but i found this  www.soundclick.com/j1000tfp
I have just done a quiz to find out my 70's song, and the answer was The Detectives, by Elvis Costello, but I have never heard of the song before. Does anyone know where I can find this song online to listen to it, so I know what it is? I don't want to buy it, I only want to listen to it.
its the song in the movie cars when the tuned cars come
There's this song called \"Final Fantasy is an RPG\", and I've searched everywhere for it, and can't find it. D:  Anyone know?
old and medium hindi songs. marathi bhavgite and bhakti gite
This song was performed by an asian group band and it's popular in the 90's. Can anybody tell me who sing it or the name of the group? the song has reff lyrics like this \"i'll never give up on you.. now you have found it, always be true.. somebody else, has torn us apart again.. do we say goodbye this is the end..\" can somebody help me?...
www.soundclick.com/j1000tfp  i just started makin them. i put them up on my friends page....he deleted all his so i could put mine up..please let me know if they suck or if i need to get experienced!!!!! please help!!!
the lyrics go like:baby if you go away you taking a part of me with you,baby if you go away you takin a part of me with you....i've seen da video long ago iwas still a lil boy!i knw dat its a white guy who sings it!plz help me!!!!
It's opera-like, sung by a woman, and plays over the advert for the LG 'Secret' mobile phone.
my cuzis birthday and its...hannah montana party please i need to download songs
a bit like that with the ... meaning i dunno the next part its not an old song i think its quite new the no's bit are sung a bit quick PLZ HELP REALLY WANT IT
i wanna know the name of that song? called me and you ...i dont even think thats the real name of it but its a oldie song and its a love song ...and it goes somthinq like me annnnddd yoooouuuuuu lol somthinq like that ...can you quys tell me what sonq is it
A friend forwarded me a youtube link of a Vida Guerra playboy photo shoot asking what song was playing in the background. I so love the song, but cant seem to find the song or lookup the lyrics on the internet. The video link is at the bottom of this post  (warning... video contains partial nudity).  Lyrics go something like this.... I typed as i was listening, so pardon my mistakes...  [Talk...] What's wrong with you baby Why you look like that n sh!t Fighting with your man huh Need to complain bout this thug.. know what i mean? thug style, let me show you...  [Song starts...] Now you were (strong) from the introduction It didnt matter if we met up at the sixty junction you like my game, my style and my mackie function [something....]  t.h.u.g.g...Lets post it up at the suite baby you and me i could tell that you like it, cos everytime you ride it...youre excited, dont have to fear   Video link... (ignore video, just listen to song). http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68QvulQdsOI
This is most of the song entitled \"Mystery Rock Radio Song\":  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eydY0prIPXY
Its a spanish song and it goes   nada que pasa kaondo te wayo te wayo  thats how it sounds im white so not the best at spanish but i hear it on the radio all the time and love it
When I sing, am I supposed to breathe through my nose or mouth or diaphram? How? What's the difference between chest voice, head voice...? How do I get a vibretto and expand my range? Any other tips?? Thanks!!
Wasnt it Afterlife by A7X? I didnt watch it...I just heard someone say that...I can agree WHY it got best because...heh its a good song =] And I dont care what anyone says...long live A7X  and if its not...whatever...then what was it?
I hate my life
its a fast beat song and it kinda pauses and says weres johhny then goes back into it, sorry ive only heard it a few times and thats the only bit of it thats stuck, any more lyrics to the song or the name would be helpful thankss
 I do not mean the remixes but the vocal version over the original track
song by jayson largo or by two head.this is OST of the amazing twins.  can any one pass me the song? \"totoybibo555@yahoo.com\" is my email add.ty
Hey dawgs,  jw if any of you guys and gals have played the Warwick thumb neck through? Also, is it a reliable instrument? Durable for gigging? And how much would it set me back? I live in Georgia, US.  Please give a rating out of 10 for your experience with the instrument. ty
I need some new emo/screamo loves songs  I'm in that mood  examples of what I want//like  Yeaboy and dollface --pierce the veil she makes dirty words sound pretty--dance gavin dance I want you-- Third Eye Blind Baby...-Chiodos ect.  No opinions and no \"i dont know\" answers. List songs/bands pleasekthanks :)
More of: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LGodLtxAtK0 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HzeZhCt5PVA http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qggxTtnKTMo http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nCnqDvvZrcM  Less of: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LpocrqvP2Yg http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3dIP1jnu4Q http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwt2Z3llAr0 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QwMIlGYUZ3g http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kueQEjNjsvg http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XZR-Ke_te9Q  just some examples  Thanks
a sample of it is included in the mix (sumthin like a mix) of a dj called subzero u can find it in the below link   http://www.myspace.com/subzeromix   its the sample at 3:47 to 3:57 minutes   plz help thank you in advnce hi pppl plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz anybody
any
I can't find out anywhere!  Can you provide me with a link to show me where you found it too please Thanks!  It was number 1 when my daughter was born x
Many years ago I was interested in learning the drums and the teacher showed me the \"orthodox grip\" I was uncomfortable, it felt weird and I asked why I couldn't grip the same with both hands. He said because that is how you HAVE to hold the stick with your left hand. So I gave up. Later I saw bands playing with the more \"natural grip\" with both hands. Why do people still teach this ludicrous \"orthodox grip\" this was invented when drums were worn on the left side when marching. This makes sense. But to use the same grip when the drums are situated in front of you seems stupid. Why would a teacher insist on you learning \"orthodox grip\" when it's not necessary? bang went my drumming career. Pardon the pun.
hi was just wondering if anyone is selling any tickets for Boyzone for Bath rec sunday july 6th block B,C,D within 3 rows or for Edinburgh Castle July 18th Block X1 or Y1 within 3 rows thanks charmaine
This aria is called  \"Casta Diva\" from Bellini's opera \"Norma\" I would like so much to know what's her name of the soprano who sings in  this spot.I know that it\u00B4s either Maria Callas or Edita or Renata...Please!! I adore this her voice thank you so much in advance.http://es.youtube.com/watch?v=7cVRqTcmUdM
Ok i'm tired of this bullsh*t they call rap on the radio. Can u please name me some of your favorite underground rappers? thanks :)
We are having an Olympic day at work and need to make up a National anthem for our country (USA) to the tune of \"Old MacDonald Had a Farm\". Obviously with some great typical american words in there too! All suggestions welcome.
I am in desperate need of the keys/notes. Please help me find them! If you dont have them, maybe you possibly know where i could find them??? Again-  Song- all angel no wings Artist- to be juliet's secret  Your help needed! Lol, thank you! <3deedee. Oh, and the keys to a keyboard or piano.
Well my girlfriends coming over my house one of these days. and i want to make a CD with at least 15 Sexy songs :)  Songs like \"Peaches and Cream\" and just really sexy songs to make out to, while we lay on the bed. thanks!
tell me ur fave album and i put it in my school project
Just curious, have no problem if he is either.  I always wanted to konw answer to this question.  I really admire him and look up to him - please only people who truly know the answer.  Therefore, no inappropriate answers/comments.
i am doin a project in school and i need to pick 20 music albums any suggestions, not allowed to be compilations
Okay, I was in a pub the other day with one of those jukebox music vids in the background. There were 2 songs on by what looked like the same band and I really can't remember what the song was - It looked like some Emo-version of McFly who were playing on a table whilst a seance was being held and the band were the ghosts so no one else could see them. ANYWAY - Does anyone know what this band/video/song is so that I can get it again cos it was pretty much the only new song I've liked in a while. Don't remember any lyrics as such either :( Thanks guys, it WAS Elliot Minor - Parallel Worlds. Will vote best answer asap.
Just curious. I have the album, but i didnt play it much when i bought it.
iv goy a ticket for the v festival for the suday. does anyone know if we can camp on just the sunday night or do we need weekend tickets to camp??
Most people on answers bagg him why is that? Is he that bad
I'm trying to hunt down a song I've heard on the radio twice this week, on the pop/hiphop stations, but I'm always too far away from home to get on the computer and check their playlists - today, I was two hours away from cell reception up in the Rockies.  It sounds like it's from the late 90s - early 00s, female lyricist, and the only bit I can remember goes BOW BOW \"my body, something something, something something get on it.\"  I wish I could remember more of the lyrics. Nope, not Mariah Carey.  The beat is a lot deeper and stronger. No, it isn't any collaboration between Bow Wow and Ciara. The beat reminds me of Aaliyah's Somebody, so it was probably written by Timbaland.
What song was at the top of the charts on 4th March 1997?
I have always been the first to diss these things and their users but I have a lot of CDs and was looking for a stacker/changer and stumbled across a bunch of these CDDJ things. Are they wack, which ones are quality, what to look for, do they wreck your CDs etc. Any Help Appreciated.
I just want to broaden my horizans a little bit. I love trying new things and I love music. I just wanna see what everyone else is listening to.
its a man singing acoustic i can remember 2 phrase he keep saying: baby i want you......baby i need you.  it's not bread and meat.tell me all the names u know and i think he says you in the end of every line  80 % i remembered an other line: baby ill show you i remembered an other line: baby ill show you
with a depth in voice and tone to match?
I want to know the name of the new hieneken beer add song playing at the moment and its not \"It's Love Chris Knox\". The song starts with a really good bass riff. I also live in Australia so i dont know if its playing anywhere else
Young Jeezy uses the word a lot
Hi can anyone tell me what was the number 1 in the charts on the 24th MARCH 1993  I would love to know this, thanks  but please don't mention 118 ask us anything, i asked and it never answered my question : (  Thanks
What I'm looking for: Blank, white, 4-sided \"O-card\" cassette jackets- just like the jackets that used to come on cassette albums and singles before CD's swept the world.  If not a purchasable item, does anyone know of anywhere that offers a basic template for printing these? (And by basic I mean in JPG, GIF, PNG, etc... format, versus Illustrator / Photoshop)  Thanks in advance.
I really used to throw a lot  But I do one every night and sometimes I had two ....that's a line from a song called Before I Met You by Usher and it doesn't make any sense to me...is the lyric wrong on the site or am I just a tard?? If you know what this means please share or if you know the right lyric please share that too!!
yesterday you said that you'll love me always you said that i'm the one you have in your heart......\"  \".....i believe that we'd never end up this way now i have .....doubts......\"
actually i'm searching for a site from where i can dwnld bengali music/songs for free
What re some good websites for downloading free full music albums?
iv messed up, better I should know, so don't come around here and tell me I told you so\"
Slipknot is my fave of all time and Five Finger Death Punch is my second, I like Disturbed but I don't know much about the other bands, Give me some favs of yours that I might like.   Please include band, song title and ,album!!! I can't F$@#$ing wait July 13 can't get here fast enough!!!
I think it was a network late night show like Letterman or something.  They were on Leno, but sans crutches.
I only have enough money in my iTunes account to buy on more song, and I can't decide on which song to buy. I really like both songs, but I just can't choose. Please don't tell me that I should buy neither and give me the name of another song to buy. These choices are the only songs I might buy.
i can only think of skillet, mindless self indulgence, the white stripes and tiny masters of today..  what are others?
is there any body knows if she used to sing oprah i heard it but dont know if it a rumor or not and if she did can you help me find it? please please
I was looking for some classic show tunes to play on  tenor sax.  Any sugestions?
Ive got Vista
can anyone list any underground tracks that have to do with love-type situations ? lol if you get what im saying.. k thanks=] & please no stupid common \"rappers\"...when i clearly stated UNDERGROUND
You Live At Home With Your Moms\" is a song by _________?
Its says\" i just wanna kiss you i just wanna hold you tight now pretty little thing slow dance with me!!
Does anyone know a song that includes the line \"do you remember the first time you ever heard house music\" the man says that line over and over again. We heard it in a bar in Benidorm last week and would like the song or artist please. Thanks
- I know that they sell it but i can't find any places that stock it. -If you know any places that sell it (In Australia or websites) i would appreciate it.
... and where was that voice over taken from? A movie?
Me and my friend are singers and want to do some gigs locally around pubs/clubs, weddings, parties etc. First of all any name ideas? We will be singing songs from Musical theatre up to modern day pop songs/ballads. We also need advice on how to get the gigs.  Thanks.
I just want to know why Angel Doze (one of my favorite reggaeton artist) got thrown in jail for 20 years. I mean what happened? What did he do? I'm just mad curios.
Listen  http://www.keystotherain.net/music/VisionsofJohanna.mp3  or Read it at  http://www.slopbucket.com/bob/lyrics/7vision.html  This is a very catchy tune.  A lot of Bob Dylan songs make sense if you have the patience to sit down and listen to what he is saying, and then think about it, and then listen again, and again.   What is this song about?  Tell me in one word, a sentence; or a line by line analyzation.  What is this song about?
Email me. I can write lyrics and I can sing.
Its starts with a female voice and its pretty fast pace I've looked on youtube EVERY where but of course came up with nothing I think it might be an anime closing or ending but I am totally STUCK! Of course I dont know any of the lyrics... so a little help pease? any contributions would be SO appreciated.
http://www.zshare.net/audio/14559033081ff7bb/ TY*
I'm just confused a little help would be nice ;)
I believe it's by creed I could be wrong all i remember is this part  \"I wrestle in the mud and the blood of the bear\"  I may be TOTALLY off, but it's really bugging me.
Hello fellow yahooians..  I was watching fuse the other day, and a song came on, I missed the Title and the Name of the band credits..   Its was an video, Split screen. One side was an kid, average american kid, what he was going through that day, and then second screen was this chinese kid working in a chinese factory.. and towards the end of the video it goes, things cost more than you think..   the only lyric i remember is this.. Im a moth to your light,  Im an insect trying to break out into the night   Okay, if anyone could tell me the name of the band or the name of the song, it would be so greatly appreciated!  seeing that i cant get the song out of my head, and cant find it online.. lol Thanks again, Ciao!
Hes talking about driving down a dirt road and something about a girl putting on makeup. I cant think of the name. please help! its not mayberry. it was a big hit a couple of years ago
For all you Beatles fans out there, can you hear that high pitched noise in \"A Day in the Life\" after the final crescendo? It sounds like when a piano is on, and it tends to hurt my ears, but according to Wikipedia, many people can't hear it, and is only audible to animals and young people.  It's located right before the repeating mumbo jumbo at the end. On the CD, it's located at 5:06. Sorry, not piano. I meant TV.  I'm really out of it, sorry. The thing is, if you don't have ears that can pick up high pitched noises, then you will physically be unable to hear it. I find that to be really interesting. So come back, and please tell me if you're able to hear it.
please if anyone can help please do!
recommend me some!
Its about whores and dirty like i once knew a girl from blah blah she had a nice blah blah blah you know any way i wanna find it and download it. I dont feel like downloading the movie and cutting it out myself if its already done btw. I know its not on the soundtrack.
I love me some Maxwell. I have a snippet of his new track \"pretty wings\" from the upcoming cd that is supposed to be out sometime this summer. I need the actual date though. Man, I just have missed his music so much. I was so happy to see him on the BET Awards!
Which drums do you prefer? Synthetic Substitution http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LliFimOlO0I It's A New Day http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0_uMSd4xOM Two of the greatest drum breaks ever
a girl sings, and she spells out some words
OK, so there's this girl on this website and her singing is crazy but it's good.  I just want to know what you guys think because some people say she's good and some say she's terrible but I think she's the next Jojo.  I wish I had her talent.  Peace. Sorry,  forgot the link:  http://www.singsnap.com/snap/watchAndListen/play/b3b7e074 ew you suck way worse.  at least she had a mature voice.  and what do you think you're pretty, she's way prettier and this isn't about looks.  hater.  that's my friend you're talkin about. i don't know her but we chat on myspace and my friend knows her.
I have seen it many times ,,,,,,  Some one thinks they are good but are average at best   Then when a person tells them the truth they have that persons answer deleted or give that person a thumbs down   Why ask if you dont want an honest Answer
just the first 19 seconds of the video... http://youtube.com/watch?v=JBZqp98836I
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWx5EJWonmc
Plz help me in finding sites, where i can download nlish mp3 for free, not even registering. I know some sites like emp3world.com, mp3fusion.net and musichunter.net; but i want some other site. I do have ares but it is not working for me. Plz help me
hi,   i wanted to know if any else out there still likes the red hot chilli peppers because, i have grown up listening to them,always will listen to them and wanted to know if anyone else likes them as much as me.
i really love the song \"it will never be (too late)\" by Beyond the Fall (its a band from vancouver). and i was wondering if there is anyone that can listen to the song(its on thier myspace;   http://www.myspace.com/beyondthefallmusic), and work out the guitar tabs for it. ive been playing guitar for 7 years, so nothing is really hard for me to play, but i can never work out the correct tabs. if someone could help me, that would be awesome. if you need the song leave an answer with your email adress and ill send you the song (cos you cant download the song, you cant find it anywhere, i bought the albumn)  thanks
Just wondering.... ;-)
I recently discovered this awesome German band called Mia. I can understand some of the lyrics, but not enough just yet. My German doesn't go that incredibly far.  Can someone please find a website with the lyrics to the music?  Thanks! <3
I need to learn one, and im not sure of any. Please help!
The melody which Bart sang \"Lisa's got a boyfriend\" in Simpsons Movie. http://moviewavs.com/0038475992/MP3S/Movies/Simpsons_Movie/boyfriend.mp3 What's the name of this melody??
Biffy Clyro's new song 'Mountains', I'd like to know if there's somewhere I can get it for free?  I know there are some profiles on myspace.com that you can download from but it takes a while to find them. Can't get limewire yet, got no internet in my flat so I'm using my uni library's computer! I need somewhere I can download it straight off the website to then put it on my usb key!
here are the lyrics: What do you do when you've done all you can do?  What do you say when you've said all you can say?   Where do you go, who can you lean on, where do you turn.   I go to my secret place, and I worship at His feet.  Secret place, where He meets my ev'ry need.  Secret place, and I worship at His feet.  Secret place, where He meets my ev'ry need.   Have a little talk with Jesus, tell Him all about your troubles.  He will hear your cry, He'll answer by and by.
 i ment metal sorry guys. a song that is close to songs by disturbed
its a song by snoop dogg and on the video a kid controls him by using an action figure of snoop dogg. thanks 4 helping thank you i was looking all over for it.
Hey I have been singing for a few years and I have always heard, or been told that using throat lozenges (like strepsils or vicks vapor drops etc.) is bad for your voice as a singer. Can anyone shed some light on this? I'm quite sick at the moment and really want some to soothe my throat, and my stepmother bought me some so they're right in front of me. I just want to know if its just a rumor, or if not what they do that makes singers avoid them.
can someone list the songs the use 45 king's 900# beat
i'd write you this letter home. one part is also dear mama i hope that your alright i can hear the wind blowin something something something plz help me
Do you like boy bands because I'm myself always liked to listen to them since I was a baby and now I am still love listening to boy band even right now I am 20 yr. old. Also did you listen to Jonas Brothers? Do they sing good? If yes, what is your favourite song in their album?
There is a song thats been played on hollyoaks loads now, sounds a bit like Gwen Stefani, its has give it to me in it
*Unhappy*   Did you have somebody that will cheer you up Anybody that will heal your hurting cuts Something that will help you with every toss Have somebody that will help you get back up  Nothing matches your last relationship You always thank for what I did  Sometimes you need me for your needs  Whatever you do makes me still unhappy!  (CHORUS) You said,  Nobody cheers you up like me that\u2019s all you need Maybe I\u2019m the one that you seek  You\u2019re the one that I need to keep Unhappy! What do I need to do to have your needs (END)  Will I ever find that special someone Will I have something done Nothing stop me from being unhappy That\u2019s why you\u2019re the right one for me  For every heart beat second I try my hardest Will it ever pay off  if I ask for it Heavy rain that I stood within Unforgettable pain that stay with me  Nothing matches my last relationship I will always thank you for what you did  Sometimes i need you for my needs  Whatever I do makes you still unhappy!  (CHORUS) You said,  Nobody cheers you up like me that\u2019s all you need Maybe I\u2019m the one that you seek  You\u2019re the one that I need to keep Unhappy! What do I need to do to have your needs (END)  All I care is about you and me Think about that And maybe that\u2019s your only key You\u2019re the to catch For me  Are still unhappy?!  What will I ever do if I never met you\u2026 Maybe my friends are telling me the truth\u2026  (CHORUS) You said,  Nobody cheers you up like me that\u2019s all you need Maybe I\u2019m the one that you seek  You\u2019re the one that I need to keep Unhappy! What do I need to do to have your needs (END)
I am beginning my way in singing career. I am in SF now. Where better to go to NYC or LA? Where can I achieve more? Where is he best clubs with celebrities as guests?Where is more celeb in NY or LA?Where is easier to be discovered?
In the music video it shows a young girl sitting on a rooftop singing and it keeps switching back to another girl singing while walking.
Give me as many lyrics as you can lol.
what is the reason for slipknot to break up after their next tour and y are they band from AUSTRALIA???
I'm not so good with genre's, but what I'm after probably fits into goth somewhere. I only buy cd's so I dont want to take a guess and found out I dislike the band anyway.  I quite like London After Midnight but I haven't found anything similar  I cannot stand female singers [dislike the high pitch]. And I don't like growling Norwegian bands. I tried last.fm but none of the 'similar' artists were quite right.   Anyone recommend me some bands.. and enlighten me to what the specific genre is :D  Thanks.
V1 - Now bring your ear, A little bit closer to me, And if your listening, Turn me up real loud,  Cause I got something to say, I gotta get it out, Over with right now,  So hear me out,  C1 - The world, In which we live, Is breaking down tonight, Tonight, Going against all that we know, Throwing our dreams, Out the window, I gotta live, My own life, So say goodbye,  V2 - Oh my, It feels like rain again today, Don't want to slip, Or fall down on my face,  You made, Your own mistakes, Going down, Through your age,  Let me make, My own history,  C2 - The world, In which we live, Is breaking down tonight, Tonight, Going against all that we know, Throwing our dreams, Shatter the window, I gotta live, My own life, So say goodbye,  B - And when look in the mirror, I want to see me, Not a reflection of you, Of you,  I don't want to carry, My dreams with a broken heart, But carry me, Through this broken part, Yeah. I wrote them. I love writing lyrics.  And yeah good point. It has a sweet melody. Just let me know if you like the lyrics.
you know the song they always highlight on teevee.
I have started to learn the guitar and i was just shown tabs by my tutor. I would only play a few songs really and was wondering if i could just learn how to play tabs of my favourite songs instead of learning the guitar properly. Would this work? Ok all im really looking for is if i just want to learn say 10 songs max as i would play any other songs really would it be ok just to learn them with tab?
the chorus is: im begging you for mercy why dont you release me
i'm in denile that your not here. everywhere i go i have opened up ears. maybe just to hear your sweet voice. just to see you agian. i'm glad  met you my dear freind.
 you can contact me on my MySpace @  www.myspace.com/hobo1591
It started playing in the end of June. I think  the lyrics have the words \"there is a sun in the horizon\".  In this commericial, they show a lot of characters in these ABC shows. Thanks!
I'm really into anything but I'm looking for some new bands..  Extra info: My fav band atm is mindless self indulgence any bands like that? or whatever please share with me :]
As a beginner in piano lesson, do you think it's wise to buy a USB professional MIDI keyboard that you could attach to a computer/laptop first before investing thousands of dollars into a real piano? What about portable roll up piano...that's way much cheaper....?  If I'm not mistaken there was a time where I saw a foldable piano keyboard, where you could fold it up in a compact size meant for travel, does such thing exist?
I'm thinking of starting to rap but before I do you have to have the voice to rap and I just want some opinions from you to see if I have a voice that could start rapping..  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azk5SPJ7qiU
not to be mean, but i'm just making up a song about hobo's that is sung to \"there were ten green bottles hanging on the wall\" and i made four paragraphs but i need six more... any idea's???  here it is so far: There were ten drunk hobo\u2019s hanging on the wall, Ten bald, drunk hobo\u2019s hanging on the wall, And if one drunk hobo, should accidently fall, There\u2019d be nine drunk hobo\u2019s left hanging on the wall.  There were nine hippy hobo\u2019s dancing in the night, Nine hippy hobo\u2019s dancing through the night, And if one hippy hobo, should get beaten in a fight, There\u2019d be eight hippy hobo\u2019s dancing in the night.  There were eight little gay hobo\u2019s singing in a tree, Eight little gay hobo\u2019s singing up in the tree, And if one little gay hobo, should sing along to me, There\u2019d be seven little gay hobo\u2019s singing in a tree.  There were seven fat hobo\u2019s eating chocolate cake, Seven fat hobo\u2019s munching chocolate cake, And if one fat hobo, should eat a chocolate fake, There\u2019d be six fat the last line was supposed to be: there'd be six fat hono's eating chocolate cake
i am going to teach myself.
Well sorry again for asking this question over and over. Please suggest ALL that comes to your mind including transcriptions from orchestral or anything scores for FOURHANDS 1 PIANO not 2 PIANOS. Thank you. Level doesn't matter. Preferably jazzy stuff but list all you know. THANK YOU OH MAN!!! THANKS AGAIN!! I think I might just go with peer gyntXD Oh and to others please contribute more.I'll choose the one I think is most suitable for me and my partner
that song stunt raindrops???
where it goes \"laughin at ur shitttt like HA HA HA,,,i come from\"
Hi.  I wanted to know what was the song in Step Up 2: The Streets during the part where the crew receives a text from Missy about the The Street.  It was when Chase started leaving the Fundraiser.  I believe the song started right about when Andie received the text.  Any help would be appreciated.  Thanks!
The ad is was for core 2 duo processors, aired about 6 months ago, Ad shows dancing people that morph into other prople. The song goes something like \"move to (or groove to) a diferent soung (or song).\".. I could'nt exactly tell...the vocals of the singer (guy) sound like it coming from a small radio\" , I heard it again recently in a movie \"Mad Money\", there is a sean where Katie Holmes is wearing headphones and listening to this song, where she drops her purse in a paking lot. Thanks. Does anyone know what it's called and who sings it? playing in the backgound in this youtube video, while shooting the intel advert  http://youtube.com/watch?v=Sm2dv-eSdgw&feature=related
i have screwd in the tremelo bar in to my guitar (yamah eg112) but does not move up or down to change the pitch,it just moves anticlokwise  or clockwise which usually screws in and out the tremelo bar,what should i do? please help
It's a song that plays in You got Served and it also plays in American Pie Beta House
I heard them on capitalfm all the time...I believe the back story of the two girls is they met in a house of song writers...I have been thinking about this song for years.  The video is them walking down the street its very poppy like the sugababes.
It says \"you wanted to know if it would be alright if i let you stay one more night...but i cant because you're dangerous\" its a young female artist.
Ok I'm writing a chorus to a song and it goes along with the beat \"If we were a movie\" by Hannah Montana. Well this is how it goes. If you were the ocean  Id be sand If you were a country Id be land Here I am  Once again ___________ Before answering please make sure you have heard the chorus from \"If we were a movie\" by Hannah Montana. Thanks
They're kind of 80s hard rock/pop oriented, so PLEASE DON'T LISTEN if this isn't your thing.  They're just songs I recorded in my basement by myself, so don't judge them like professional band recordings-listen to the ONE instrument being used instead of thinking there should be others.  Tell which one you like best, and why? Thanks for any input. http://profile.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=user.viewprofile&friendid=367769118
Has anyone heard of these two songs before, by Justin Hawkins the former frontman of the darkness?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4S-4HAUJi6A  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5a7kUs3DSkw
Its a techno song/dance song/trance...and it has a female singer, and the lyrics go something like this...  Lets get away far, away...(some thing something some thing)  Heaven and sun so bright. (Thats all i know of the lyrics, sorry)    Any help would be great
Caught up in this madness too blind to see Woke animal feelings in me Took over my sense and I lost control I'll taste your blood tonight  You know I make you wanna scream You know I make you wanna run from me baby but know it's too late you've wasted all your time  Relax while you're closing your eyes to me So warm as I'm setting you free With your arms by your side there's no struggling Pleasure's all mine this time  You know I make you wanna scream You know I make you wanna run from me baby but know it's too late you've wasted all your time  Cherishing, those feelings pleasuring Cover me, unwanted clemency Scream till there's silence Scream while there's life left, vanishing Scream from the pleasure unmask your desire perishing  We've all had a time where we've lost control We've all had our time to grow I'm hoping I'm wrong but I know I'm right I'll hunt again one night  You know I make you wanna scream You know I make you wanna run from me baby but know it's too late you've wasted all your time  Cherishing, those feelings pleasuring Cover me, unwanted clemency Scream till there's silence Scream while there's life left, vanishing Scream from the pleasure unmask your desire perishing  Some live repressing their instinctive feelings Protest the way we're built don't point the blame on me  Scream, Scream, Scream the way you would if I ravaged your body Scream, Scream, Scream the way you would if I ravaged  your mind  Cherishing, those feelings pleasuring Cover me, unwanted clemency Scream till there's silence Scream while there's life left, vanishing Scream from the pleasure unmask your desire perishing
you know the one made by Bukas Palad. Thank you
Go to youtube and type in \"Figure Skating Heros\" and click on the one from mhcBERTnEDDY. Listen to the song. Please tell me if you know. Don't suggest asking the mhcBERTnEDDY person because they don't talk.
It came out in the 90's. I heard it on an episode of Clueless. If you've seen the show it was in the episode where Cher dates the guy that smokes & the song was playing during the sleepover/all nighter they were having for him to stop smoking. It went soemthing like:  Some people have to be completely together Lovers devoted to each other forever Now I've got things to do & I've said before that I know you have too When I'm not there In spirit I'll be there  Nobody knows me as well as you do  It sounded kinda electronica-ish. I've looked for it on lyric websites, google, youtube & found nothing. Its a female singer Yay! thats it. Thanks. The one I was looking for was probably a remake though cause it had a female singer, but I'll search for that one some other time. The one I was looking for was a cover by some band called Hooverphonic.
it goes: Sell the kids for food Weather changes moods Spring is here again Reproductive glands  He\u2019s the one Who likes all our pretty songs And he likes to sing along And he likes to shoot his gun But he knows not what it means knows not what it means when I say yah
I heard this once, but i don't see how this can be true.  I am a woman w/ a naturally low voice (an \"alto\" - even though i'm not in a choir). I think my break point is really low and was wondering if there are any \"benchmarks\" to tell if it's \"normal\"?
A couple of years back I was dating a boy from Tunisia and we were always listening to one song, which was sort of a remix of britney spears 'oops i did it again'. I reeeeally wanna listen to the song again... Does someone know the title or the name of the singer of the song?
I have been searching everywhere because the song popped into my head the other day and I can not remember the words for the life of me, If anyone can help me I would truly appreciate it, I know the beggining of the song starts like this.  I can't wait to see Jesus, in his glory as he burst through the sky, I can't wait to hear trumpets,   Thats as far as I can remember there is a line that says can't wait to get my sleeping bag unrolled, and the author is Pat Terry I believe, but I am stuck.  Please help this is driving me crazy!!!!  (Thats not a long drive but still I would prefer sanity) I have looked online everywhere I can think to look, including google and the like, looked on itunes ect.
because i want to download some dance songs and techno songs hot ones like that band raindrops stunt which Ministry Of Sounds cd is good
these are the lyrics of a song i heard the other day sung by a girl band.. anyone know by who?
i want the name of the song and artist  and if possible the year the lyrics go...  \"lovin me, lovin' me\" \"say that you love me!\"  \"fool me, fool me.\" \"say that youll fool me\"
Hey what are the rappers that r  with a girl friend or are married to a woman that have a kid from a diffrent daddy..
the models will have children, who'll get into Forbes, they'll find some role models, everything will run it's course\", when really it goes \"the models will have children, we'll get a divorce, we'll find some more models, everything will run it's course\"  did you?  I guess I was thinking more long term effects of living like that. But I'm not sure what getting into forbes would have to do with being a models kid.
im lookin for some r&b/hiphop songs that deal with candy or edible things. for example D4L's Laffy Taffy & lil waynes pineapple sunkiss ---lol i dont really like the actual song but pineapple sunkiss just sounded so delicious! if you have any songs dealin with food.. preferably sweet food. please tell me. thanks.
Like it's kind of a sad song where the boy asks \"is this enough to daddy to spend some time with me\" or something like that.
where it looks like there should be avatars, most people have really stupid-looking yahoo-created square smiling faces?  mq: favorite rolling stones song?
its a man singing and its classic and acoustic and i can remember 2 phrase:baby i want you........baby i need you its a man singing (ascoutic) i can remember 2 phrase: baby i want you.......baby i need you its not bead and meat loaf its not bread and meat loaf
These songs are my favorite type of Music  Kix-Don't Close Your Eyes Santana-I'm Winning Synard-Red White And Blue Twisted Sister-The Price Sweet Victory-David Glen Eisley  More Calm rock older songs is my fav, any you could reccomned? Please don't make any obvious suggestions like def leppard or AC/DC, metallica or anythig like that i have a harder side to so 9 outta 10 i know exactly what ur gonna say when u mention obvious groups. Thanks!! :) Thanks- OH yeah i have free bird and i like metal also but softer is my favorite. I just put metal on when im goin down the road to look cool lol but its not too bad
What is that country song where it talks about a woman who is calling her ex-husband, or ex-boyfriend, i'm not sure which, and every time she calls he says he's out doing something on the message machine, but at the end he says: and if it's(girls name i can't remember) I still love you. Thanks you guys
in one of the commericials for lipstick jungle on australia's channel 7, there is music playing when two characters are making out.  the lyrics are \"you want it all, get on the floor\" i'm pretty sure those are the lyrics. please help me find it =)
The first lyrics are  \"All I need is your love babeh. All I need is your love babeh. All, all I need is your love babeh, your love babeh, your love babeh.\" Just like that, in a high pitched voice.  And the rest has a guy sorta rapping, and \"every single day\" keeps repeating.  The \"every single day\" part that repeats sounds just like in the song every single day by Dj jean, but it isnt that song, and I cant find the one I'm talking about anywhere! Can someone please help?!
i heard a song its acoustic and very classic in the same time and i reall want to know its name.its a man singing.i can remember him saying:baby i want you...........baby i need you more then 3 times in his song its a man singing acoustic its not bread and meat loaf someone else
i saw some albums from musicspace on tv and i want to download them for free on a torrent website. They the groove and tropical thunder. THX :-)
does anyone one know any good popular club songs rap, rock, an techno
Which one did you think was better... Danny--Donnie? Joe? Jon? Jordan?  Danny was and still is HOT,  Jordan was next...then Jon,  Donnie,  and then last but not least Joe...
the lyrics start with  \"hey bartender hit me with a double\" the hook is \"I just want some company !!\" its a rock song/ alternative
since most of you seem to dislike this band i figured i'd torture you with more of them...this is one of their cheesier efforts probably, but i really like it:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GccfzxHIXaY  enjoy/share thoughts, comment on my song first
do you guys know anything about this haah ? i really would love to learn to play miley cyrus music . but right now, ill go for anything .  if you guys know any good SLOW tutorials or anything, pleaseeeeee  10 points BEST answer .
hey guys, i posted a question earlier asking what you guys thought about my singing. and im really just trying out different genres and styles. so i recorded a new video. i would just like tips and pointers, no negative feedback please... constructive criticism  so hopefully posting these videos will help me get over being really shy =/ yeah i know i'm having intonation issues and stuff like that. and also how do i make taller vowels?  i mean is there hope for my singing!?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2S9gQZzVCWI  thanks so much guys! also im trying to be really quiet in the house because my parents are sleeping. lol, i dont think r&b is my style. haahah but i'm just trying stuf fout and then im going to practice what i like the mosttt hahaha i have another video on there.. if you guys could possibly listen to that, if this vid didn't scare you. ahha
hi there , i was listening to the radio station and this song always comes up its a guy singing ( could be a girl ) than the chorus is like \" i'm alive i can feel the...\"( rest i forgot) but chorus is sang by a girl   please help me out its hip hop/ r&b and its not fly leaf or celine dion
okay so i searched about this on google and found an article on alternatvie addiction or something i believe and almost cried when i heard they're 60-70% done with their third album!! i even listened to the interview, tom said it. prob coming out this fall!!  why is this ONE site the only place with info on this?  annnnnnnnnnd  does anyone else have more info?
the beat from the song W.A.I.T.(the whisper song) by the ying yang twing does anyone know who made only the beat?
From where can i download  free hindi songs?
I havent put up any videos yet im just asking is there a chance i can get discoverd
Vi sitter h\u00E4r i venten o spelar lite DotA. (I hear you man.)  Vi Sitter h\u00E4r i venten o spelar lite DotA. (I feel you man.)  Vi Sitter h\u00E4r i venten o spelar lite Dota o pushar p\u00E5 o smeker med most\u00E5ndet vi leker.  Vi Sitter h\u00E4r i venten o spelar lite Dota o springer runt o creepar o motst\u00E5ndet vi sleepar.  (Lets get it on)  Vi Sitter h\u00E4r i venten o spelar lite Dota o pushar p\u00E5 o smeker med most\u00E5ndet vi leker.  Vi Sitter h\u00E4r i venten o spelar lite Dota o springer runt o creepar o motst\u00E5ndet vi sleepar. (*X2*)  (whats happening) (D-D-D-D-D-D-DOTA).   ** Vi Sitter h\u00E4r i venten o spelar lite Dota. (I hear you man.)  Vi Sitter h\u00E4r i venten o spelar lite Dota. (I feel you man.)  ** Vi Sitter h\u00E4r i venten o spelar lite Dota o pushar p\u00E5 o smeker med most\u00E5ndet vi leker,  Vi Sitter h\u00E4r i venten o spelar lite Dota o springer runt o creepar o motst\u00E5ndet vi sleepar.   (Lets get it on)  Vi Sitter h\u00E4r i venten o spelar lite Dota o pushar p\u00E5 o smeker med most\u00E5ndet vi leker,  Vi Sitter h\u00E4r i venten o spe
I'm trying to find a new myspace song, but I'm brain-dead. I can't think of a single song I want to add. Currently I have ALYRIA - Quick To Move on my myspace. Can you guys give me some good songs?  I listen to pretty much every kind of genre of music. =]  Pleaseeee?
A lot of people are wondering this... let me know if you know or find the answer please.
Okay, my description is very .. no descriptive at all, but the first person to answer gets 10 points.   Been stuck in my head for a while ..  Its like a trumpet ish sortof instrument and the tune goes  a , e, a, e c, e, c, e, g, b, e  playing that on a piano would help ALOT.  And its a female singer.  THANKS SO MUCH. (= oh sorry, that's not it D:  Thanks for trying ?  it's sort of like a spanish sounding song .
can some one tell me where i can find a song called The Abyss Of Death at and for guitar bc i want to learn how to play it also
okay long shot: looking for an old 80's maybe 90's rock song that starts out with \"Hush now baby don't you cry...\" thought it was Depeche Mode. Any ideas? I remember the song having awesome bass guitar and the vocals were slow and calm, with a deep sound to them. IT IS SILENT LUCIDITY!!! THANKS GUYS!!!
I want singers that dont scream.
the song about a boy getting older and becoming a gangster the song was about a little boy with his growing mom growing up turning into a thug.
Im back. 3 peat. C3.\" Ending lyrics from \"3 Peat\".
This morning on the radio I heard two cover tracks from an album of country music style covers of different songs, including \"Killing in the name\", originally by Rage against the Machine and \"On the Road Again\" originally by Willie Nelson. I didn't catch any of the the album or artist details unfortunately, but I would really like to know who performed these tracks (the album contains songs by several different artists) and what the album is called. Can anyone help? Thanks!
Please no music before...uhm Nirvana. Yea tht all kicked ass but tht's all i can think of and I want something else. Thanx.
Does it make sense? It sounds a bit Italian or something.
ok I have been looking for the song in this video the first song that plays please if anyone knows the title and artist I would love to know! please and thanks =)  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4HobFBe9-k&NR=1 by the way excuse the video it was a project for an english class lol(funny video if you want to watch the real one) but just pay attention to the song please
I saw Lacona Coil at the house of bluse and though I was not familiar with them  I realy liked their music , I think I like that dark piano with the rock sound , are there any other bands like this (besides Flyleaf and Evanescence ) that you can name me , and how exactly do they classify this band .... Its not Classic goth or Metal ....???
I've found dutch, hebrew, russian, polish, and croatian, but no italian. Does anyone know where I could find correct lyrics? These are the lyrics in English and translators are incorrect.   La la lu, La la lu Oh, my little star sweeper I\u2019ll sweep the stardust for you  La la lu, La la lu Little soft fluffy sleeper Here comes a pink cloud for you  La la lu, La la lu Little wandering angel Fold up your wings for tonight  La la lu, La la lu And may love be your keeper La la lu, La la lu, La la lu
Ive been trying for a long time to find the song on the verizon samsung commericals. There are no words, and its the one where the guys hand is texting in his sleep and the tagline is \"you wont be able to keep your hands off it\" or something along those lines.  Ive tried looking on all the tv ad websites and none of them have it. Unless I'm not looking hard enough... So does anyone know the song? I'm going crazy here..
When you go to 911tabs.com or ttabs.com and you look at the drum tabs... I know the S stands for Snare, B for Bass, C1 and C2 for the cymbals, and T for Tom [I think] But what does the F stand for???  I mean I am a beginner drummer and I feel really stupid asking this question... But I neeeeed help, pleaseeeeeee and thank youuuuu.  --Casey<3
All I know about the song:  From the 1990s - kind of R&Bish - along the lines of \"Boy you should know that I've got you on my mind, secret admirer, I've been watching you...\"  The song is sung by a girl and guy but the girl has the larger part. They used to go out and she wishes that the guy she was with was him.   CONFUSED - if you've got anything let me know please.
Hallaw everyone! (: Ok, well is there any way that you can train your voice so you can hit lower notes? Like I can't hit the begining of Little Miss Obsessive by Ashlee Simpson very easily, or in 7 Thing by Miley Cyrus when she says \"You make me love you\" So yeah, is there any way I can expand my lower vocal range? Thanks to everyone<3
 please help i have to play it for music, and i really  need the frets like what fets to place my finger on eg. 1,5,3,6 like that help please!!
I was just thinking about songs that bring me back in time and make me feel young again... what are some songs that bring back memories.. Good or bad... that when you hear them  you are pulled back to your memories from the past...  One of mine is Ricky Scaggs  Honey wont you open that door... (my dad used to sing it to my mom when he came home drunk...  another is  Strawberry wine -- by Deana carter That song makes me think of my lost love from way back...  Eric Clapton-- Tears in heaven was the song i was listening to when i found out my cousin passed away 15 years ago.. and i still cant listen to it without crying my eyes out!  what about you all? You got the right stuff---NKOTB is another awesome one.. Brings me back!!!! I cant believe how HOT Danny has stayed! AGE HAS BEEN A BLESSING!
NO U.S. METAL PLZ
this one http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uP8o0o-wAsM&feature=related it's minuet by from first to last
I remember when I was in school and I would save all my lunch money for the week cause I couldnt wait to get a new cd. I listen to all types of music from Biggie, Korn, Jay Z, Wu Tang and Jimmie Hendrix Pink Floyd, and the Beatles. But now they are all old. And all this new **** is driving me crazy. I can download music for free but I cant think of any new bands, or hip hop artists that I would even want to down load.  They say that hip hop is dead and it trully is. Someone actually told me that Lil Wayne is better than Biggie. I almost slit his throat. And this damn Pussy rock that is out now is driving me crazy. Soldier boy is nothing but dance music. And I need good lyrics. But to get that I have to get underground Music. Please I need your opinion and if you have any good bands or hip hop artists let me know.
It goes something like \"You make me feel so ?in love?, you make me feel ?like?...\" IDK the rest. The words with question marks around them I think they're right but i could be wrong. It was this girls ringtone at school one year & I liked it & been searching for the song ever since but haven't gotten any luck. I've tried google, lyrics sites, youtube, & no its not you make me feel like dancing. It sounds like it could be Cascada, but I doubt it, or an artist with the same sound. NO, Chris Brown is R&B & plus I hate that song, & IDK, maybe it was a part of \"Heaven\" that I wasn't recognizing. Just checked out the \"heaven\" song, & no thats not it. Most likely the song came out in 2006 or before that.
its kinda old song for I THINK britney spears( a girl around 22 with blond hair) and she is like sad in the song and she had like a little white dog with her and like walking around in a european city maybe like paris...
It was a car commercial... by the way...
Wether It's been reported or a rumour :)  (Guns N' Roses)
lil wayne would not cry like this but the other one sounds just like tip and put me in tears laughing http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Ji6qekcLxM http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ryQXqByVhRc&feature=related
its kinda old song for I THINK britney spears( a girl around 22 with blond hair) and she is like sad in the song and she had like a little white dog with her and like walking around in a european city maybe like paris... i am on a couch DANNY why?
he is my pianist and he is really hard to work with. he also has some anger problems. i need him out because he is pulling apart our band. another problem is that the amazing lead guitarist is really good friends with him. he will probably be mad at me if i kick him out. What do i do? please help!
the lyrics go \"...p p p please let me tell you the reason why i keep all my secrets in my record collection...\"
Does anyone know any songs on guitar that would be easy to transcribe.  Nothing with different tuning or capos, i want to start easy and work my way up.
im looking for guitarist, a bass and a drummer.....  if you're from the oc and is intersted... hit me back.  im a vocalist and composer.  interests: alternative acoustic --- kinda like jason mraz, jack johnson, plain white ts, dashboard confessional, dido, regina spektor...
I remember when I was in school and I would save all my lunch money for the week cause I couldnt wait to get a new cd. I listen to all types of music from Biggie, Korn, Jay Z, Wu Tang and Jimmie Hendrix Pink Floyd, and the Beatles. But now they are all old. And all this new shit is driving me crazy. I can download music for free but I cant think of any new bands, or hip hop artists that I would even want to down load.  They say that hip hop is dead and it trully is. Someone actually told me that Lil Wayne is better than Biggie. I almost slit his throat. And this damn Pussy rock that is out now is driving me crazy. Soldier boy is nothing but dance music. And I need good lyrics. But to get that I have to get underground Music. Please I need your opinion and if you have any good bands or hip hop artists let me know.
who sings the song at the very begining of drillbit taylor, chain hang low. but not jibbs. the song that the kids sing and then it goes to the two calling each other, its at the super dupper begining
in the new song viva la vida by coldplay, right before it goes \"roman calviery chiors are singing\" what does it say, something about bells?
I like listening to obscure bands that way people can't criticize me. I have an awful taste in music and when I say someone is my favorite band, most people can't insult me because they have no idea who they are.  what about you?
I really like Modest Mouse and The Dismemberment Plan. Any other indie bands that kind of sound like either of those two?
its kinda old song for I THINK britney spears( a girl around 24 with blond hair) where she had like a little white dog with her  and like walking around in a european city maybe like paris... she is around 22. and btw she look sad in the song
it is a young women singer and she is  like inside a heart with a red dress on and in the end she pulls papers off her wall  she is blond i think  it is like a new song that they show on VH1  dont know any lyrics
any artists preferably female on vocals on dark cabaret genre.
i need some really great Soca/ Reggae songs.  i love stuff like Red Wine (done by bob marley) and a song i recently heard called Hot Wuk.  thanks!!
In Lil Wayne's remix of Lollipop he says \"safe sex is great sex, better wear a latex because you don't want that late text that I think I'm late text\" What does \"text\" mean in \"I think I'm late text\" I know what everything else is. Thanks!
http://tinypic.com/view.php?pic=28v4nwo&s=3  what lyrics are these
So it goes:  All I want to do Wo, wo, wo, wo, wo, wo Wo, wo, wo, wo, wo, wo Wooo All I want to do Wo, wo, wo, wo, wo, wo Wo, wo, wo, wo, wo, wo Wooo is love you   Why does that \"woo, hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo, etc.\" part sound so familiar ?  I know that there is another song with that chorus (or at least something very similar), but I can't seem to remember what it is and it's really starting to bug me.  I've tried replacing the woo's and hoo's with doo's and doot's, as well as humming it, but it still eludes me.  Does anybody know the song I speak of ?
There was a Kinder Surprise Egg commercial on a while ago, and it had the beginning of a song playing in it. It was sang by a female.. it kind of started off like \"la da da,la da da\" :)
im a vocalist and used to be in a band. we played at parties but unfortunately my bass, guitarist and drummer all went for the navy. im looking for a guitarist who just want to play for fun and post vids on youtube... its good exposure! hit me up if you want to swap infos. my style is alternative... acoustic is the bomb! jason mraz... jack johnson... dashboard confessional... plain white ts... regina spektor... dido...
i WANNA FiND A WEBSiTE WHERE i CAN D0WNL0AD FREE MUSiC ViDE0S THAT ARE C0MPATABLE WiTH iTUNES 0R ARE F0R iPODS.ALS0 H0PE THATS A WEBSiTE WiTH G00D MUSiC ViDE0S LiKE THE NEW ViDE0 By RiCK R0SS
omg please please please help me!!!!!! i love singing so much and i do it all the time. but lately whenever i sing it hurts and my voice gets all horse. [if thats how you spell it] why is this happening and what can i do to stop/prevent it?! by the way,, im 13
does anybody know some tight hyphy music like thizzle dance by mac dre, or sippin purp song like tight  new savage songs that have bomb ass beats Like anybody into that real savvy shit yaddadaameen like songs that are tight and unknown
i heard the song on instant star i was wondering where i could get the chords
Was listening to their new album...and began to wonder this. If not, has anyone heard any rumours that they may soon?
i used to hear it a lot when i was a little kid, but never hear it anymore and i want to find it. i only remember little peices of it. it talked about when people see a guy(bum) asking for change they roll their window up or something. and when they hear a couple fighting they ignore it. this might be totally wrong lol i just cant remember what it was about all i know is that i liked it a lot!
Can u guys name some good songs for me 2 get on my ipod...Im getting a LOT of music since I got a lot of space on this thing and I dont wanna waste it lol...well I liek hip-hop, R&B, sum rap...Oh and I really like grinding songs...Um I dont know how to explain it but I liek songs u could imagine dancing really sexually to with ur bf or making love to...I already have about 100 songs but my ipod takes 2000 so help
I was thinking of buying some flute scores for my friend\u2019s birthday.She has been taking classes for flute for about a few months and she had piano background for years. I have no idea what popular song are so I will be very appreciated if u all could recommend mi some nice flute pieces. Thanks in advanced :) Well, since I am not very familiar with instrumental music, I think I get something that is popular and mostly solo parts for the flute. I knew Canon will be a good choice but she knows how to play it with her piano scores by just adjusting something already.
ok ive been rapping for a little now.i spit perfectley.i kinda rap liek lil wayne and kanye mixed.(but its what people tell me)and my lyrics are great(in my opinion)but i need your help to tell me if its good.  so ideological unstopbable trying to be in my shoes is impossible life struggles impecable people so ungratefull un-appreciated allways hated allways stated youll never be congradulated if you havent made it such a statement what a disgracement acting to stiff as if they got a face lift but peoples minds is soemthing people love to play with becuase they have been worknig on a great shift and still havent made shh economicaly this world hasint paved in its sad when when you look thru the worlds madness when all you see is,killing,dieing,and trying in havoc so let the rivers,lakes,and oceans be the tears of the world's wirl  and treat it as if it was a girl wait bra i think she got a name mother nature
Bet this will wake you up!Enjoy,My song of the morning,,,,   R.I.P George and Billy<object width=\"425\" height=\"344\"><param name=\"movie\" value=\"http://www.youtube.com/v/VvH6fxP5hMo&hl=en\"></param><param name=\"allowFullScreen\" value=\"true\"></param><embed src=\"http://www.youtube.com/v/VvH6fxP5hMo&hl=en\" type=\"application/x-shockwave-flash\" allowfullscreen=\"true\" width=\"425\" height=\"344\"></embed></object> oooop's   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VvH6fxP5hMo
We have a myspace and we have about 200friends...but we dont have very good recording software so plz add us... http://www.myspace.com/unusedexit
You know, when you hear a song that you haven't heard in awhile, and you just crank itttt ... Haha, Just looking for some sweet driving music ... !
i can learn how to play the electric guitar from start
What's the lyrics for It Happens By Sugarland?
Guys & Gals....  I would really appreciate your professional views on this....  I have a tight budget and I just sold my beginner electric guitar (yamaha) to my frnd. So now, I'm guitar-less! I've been wanting to buy a professional electric guitar for almost a year now. So I went out and did some research and the only worthwhile pieces I came across were:  1. Dean Guitars (Dimebag, V, etc.) 2. ESP MH-400 3. Ibanez JEM (Steve Vai Sig. - not with the gold hardware and pearl inlays)  I play mostly hard rock / heavy metal genres. I loved the fact tht the ESP MH-400 had active EMG 81/85 pups (so I'm slightly biased to the ESP)  Please ppl, I wanna know what u think!
Ok, whoever can figure out which song I'm talk about is awesome.  I have no idea what the song's name is, or which artist made it.  And to my knowledge the song contains very little lyrics, and the few words that are said in it I don't know because I always paid attention to the music.  So the only description I can manage to give of the song is pretty vague, so that's why anyone who can figure out which song I'm talking about has to be some sort of musical deity.  Ok, so here's what I can describe of the song:  I'm pretty sure one would classify it as a techno song.  The intro, and I'm pretty sure main part of the song, is something that sounds like several people (emulating a crowd I'm pretty sure) cheering (as if at some sports game) with something that sounds like the letter \"o\" with the tone of that sound going up and down with the beat of the song.   That's the best I can describe what I know of the song.  If anyone has any possible, outlsandish even, idea please respond!! Not Sandstorm (although it is a good song)
I like good techno. I have good techno. But i want more! =P  I like stuff like   Basshunter - Boten Anna && Dota  Alice DeeJay - Better off alone Comic gate - Exploration of space All Daft Punk songs.  Stuff with catchy beat rhythm. *Cosmic gate. I like most of their songs, but Exploration of space is best =]
Hey Peoples. I Need As Much Info On Nz Music From The 1990's Till Now, Possibly Website Form, Or Just Straight Info, I Need Bands And Albums From The 1990's Till Now, Please Please Please Help Me ! ! ! !
I've looked everywhere. But I can't find a place to buy posters of asian bands/singers that I like. Such as Plastic Tree, Gackt, The Pillows, The GazettE,  Dir en Grey, etc.  Help would be appreciated. :)
i was watching tom and jerry.. the cartoon... and i noticed the old music genre where tom(the cat) had slick black hair with a sharp suite and had a big round  microphone and was singing in a low tone on stage and was  wooing  all the girls... must have been the 60's or 70's... ... what type of music genre would that be?
The ending lines of the lyrics is like  \"It isn't too hard to believe we're in heaven\"  And it has something like \"Baby you're all that I want when you're lying here in my arms\"  Give my the link of the full lyrics and the original singer (I remember, a girl, probably, sang it.) please, thank you.
my sisters coming over tomorrow, and i dont like her at all and she hates rap, So im looking for some really crude, offensive, and full of cussing rap songs to blare while shes here =). Thanks. play by david banner is already at the top of my list XD.
its in the masked ball scene and some of the lyrics are 'don't be shy come in to me and dance' does anybody know the name of this song? no thats not it but thanks though
Here is the link: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-_dCKtJNQEc
Mine is 'Lateralus' ...awesome song
Where can i watch Camp Rock online no downloading for free in high quality??? I cant find it anywhere! Please please dont recommend disney.com So please help me!
its been on the NCIS add i think its the NCSI add or some show like that  all i know is its called closer
which is the most unique (innovative) song u've ever heard??..a song which is in a league of its own..  ill go with this one.. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5BrE1Pi5cU (mindblowing this one) itll be nice if u can post a link.. btw..shreder..that was bad ass :D hey ironman...thats brilliant...i forgot abt that...dance of eternity's a very professional instrumental..no other band (official band) has been able to nail that song so far...thats something!! phatzwave...i did not ask for innovative videos..that was yuck!!! :P bradical...thats cool
what kind of bass is pete playing in the beginning of Thnks fr th Mmrs music video???  http://youtube.com/watch?v=1ICmXBSu-tc
i heard this song on youtube the tittle of the video is \"Phar Lap - Australian Wonder\" it is a different language so i dont really understand what it is sayin but i like the song so can someone plzzzzzzz help me!!!!!!!!!!  here is the url for the video:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJ3JFhBET3w
does anyone have or could post a video on drum fills in the Led Zeppelin Dazed and Confused, Rock and Roll
whats the song that goes wop bop bow. wop bop bow. bow. bow. wop bop bow, ah rashhhy rashhhy OH.
this amazing young lady is auditioning for american idol and could use our support..so if you like country please take a look at this video and add her on myspace..thank you!! tell her you were drew sent i made the video let me know what you think.  http://myspacetv.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=vids.individual&videoid=37429204
Well I'm sure there are plenty of songs out there like this but i only need one.  I like this guy but he likes another girl.  Please please please help. Who ever gives me the song i like best will get best answer. (:
im making seperate playlists for different genres, what are soom good old/new songs for rap and hip hop, rock, oldies, i already have country covered, and some alternative?
i need ett; cuz i wnt 2 edit et; hehe(: plzz help mehh!
The first one i heard on My Super Sweet 16 (Hayley) during the party scene. Paul wall was in it. It is a hiphop/rap song and i only know a few lyrics to it. Paul walls verse he goes like \"Crank that music on the h track or a track\", sumtin like that please i need help   The other one i heard on power 106 fm radio it is a lso a hiphop/rap song andi dont know any rappers in the song all i know is the song goes liek this,\" when i grow up i wanna be a big balla, sumtin sumtin, like theres no tomorrow.\"  Please people i need these two songs so badly and titles you thing or ways i could find it please help. thanks The second song is not the pussy cat dolls its a male singer hiphop/rap lol sry
any ideas!?
I thought it might have been sung by Travelling Wilburys maybe . Chorus goes something like.... \"Roll away,roll away, roll away \" (i think !! )Please  help me , its driving me nuts !!!
School's out now its summertime And all year you've been on my mind Just like the felluh's i'm down for whatever But only if your with it girl The sun's out  maybe we can go kick it Or catch a movie, girl If you ain't busy So when can i call you girl You'll always be my favorite girl
What that song that plays right before the credits when they dance around on the street?
I'm trying to find the name of a country song by a female artist. It begins..\" Your not sure if you love me..\"
Its a guy singing These are the first few lines What would you do, If I sang out of tune Would you stand up And walk out on me? Lend me your ear...   What song is this? Name, Artist and most accurate lyrics gets the points Thanks in advance Yeah its in a commercial that I keep seeing on tv but I cant remember the commercial So if someone can also tell me the commercial that would be awesome Thanks in advance
is this song can be called\" blue glass\"?
1) i think da name of this sng is ''huma youmein'' but artist name? Goes like this:  huma youmein wi ta3ala n3eesh ildunia bithnadina(lebanese).  2)this one is for hussein iljismy bt wats da name? Goes like: wajd iladhi wajd iladhi salu 3ala nabina
im downloading new songs but i want somethin new...what are some good bands that not alot of people have heard? i pretty much like everything i dont want screamo stuff unless its like flyleaf. anything else is good tho!
It's a piano piece, although I can't seem to find it on the soundtrack
So I have no idea who the song is by, or the name of the song. I only remember one line of lyrics. They are:   \"its a dance without the sex\"  Any clues?  Thanks.
It goes sumthin like \" i kissed a girl\" then somethign about cherry chap stick? help!!
this amazing young lady is auditioning for american idol and needs our support..so if you like country please take a look at this video and add her on myspace..thank you!! tell her you were drew sent  http://myspacetv.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=vids.individual&videoid=37429204
I think its a new song that k-roq has been playing for a while and it goes something like this, \" did I hear you say you want to end your life \" who sings that???????????????????
the clock struck midnight my fairy tale was over but i stil have memories of the day that i came over wearing shorts and a tee drinking lemonaide and you sitting on the couch next to me  you dont know the real me im not rich or popular i poor but i guess you just cant see the real me  my sparkling dress and make up you say you like but it just aint me why cant you see the real me im not pretty rich or popular but darling on the inside there is nothing but glee thats the real me  good bad? makes sense? like it?
original it was by 3 doors down. it has been remixed with i think jay-z but i heard a girl version and i have no idea who sings it help!
I would like rock/metal music. No Jonas Brothers, My Chemical Romance, Fallout Boy, Panic at the Disco, Paramore, Flyleaf, Tokio Hotel, or any bands that are like that and mainstream. No poser metal like Slipknot, Disturbed, and Korn please. Otherwise, please reccomend? Yes, Metallica, they are already my favorite band. The only other one I like from those is SOAD. No Tokio Hotel I said! God, read the details!
we already know weezy has the game locked down right now .who is the best female mc right now  ill have to say either trina or remy ma im going with remy ma
i have had this song stuck in my head and was wondering if anyone knows who sings it and the name of the song it goes like this: i feel like i've been waiting my whole life for this one night, its gonna be me you and the dance floor cause we've only got one night to double your pleasure double your fun
it goes off starting you wanna safe... something something
ive had my ups & ive had my downs if its a relationship dont give me the crown ive had zoo keepers  & a dorman named brian then there was you  youre perfect in every way ive had some drews  and ive had a trey but _ _ _ _ _ _ _ theres 1 thing ive got to say i love you ever night and every day i promise you its true i love you your brown hair  & brown eyes you make me feel so alive  you are so fantastic im glad you didnt hide ive had so many loves  that did!!!  then there was you  youre perfect in every way ive had some drews  and ive had a trey but _ _ _ _ _ _ _ theres 1 thing ive got to say i love you ever night and every day i promise you its true i love you  when we met i cried but i wasnt blue i felt like your bride so many broken hearts between me and guys and then there was you youre perfect in every way oh baby there is one thign ive got to say  i love you  do you like it?  is it bad? good? does it make sense? i dont sing. im horrible. and im not allowed to download stuff on it so i cant make a mix. but feel free to do it, just give me credit for the lyrics plz
why hello. anyway....I need help and I got a few questions with trying to \"channel\", or so to speak, with my voice. I think I got a pretty good voice, but as usual I need to warm up. When I do, my voice has this certain quality that is incredible when found, but it happens once in a while. This makes my voice very melodic so I can go from singing softly to like screaming/shouting, and it sounds good!! How can I keep/use it when I want to???? This is going to bring that unique-ness to my future band but I need to know how i can channel this...and when does my voice fully develop????
I have no idea who is in the song and all i know is some lyrics. I heard it on power 106 the song goes like  \"when i grow up i wanna be a big balla like theres no tomorrow\" sumtin like that please anyone its so importan i need this song Lol pleae help The song im lookinh for is hipHop/rap
my friend loves both of the bands and i want to know what the big deal is about them. what is you favorite song by either or both
I MUST KNOW!!!!!!!!!
it goes \"and i know..\" and i don't know the rest of the lyrics. it was part of \"you outta know artist off the week\" like a week ago and it was a guy. he had an english accent and his hair was long and it showed his past pictures where his head was shaved. help? thanks so much :)
for you to call them one of your favorites?  I'm obsessed with that for some reason. I won't say I'm a fan of a band unless I have every CD by them. But other people will put every single band they know of on their 'favorite bands' list.  I realize this is an odd question.
hey im looking for any really cool, funky and powerful bass tabs. if you've ever heard music from the game advance wars, id like something like that.
does anyone think this is a good song. i personally hate it but my boyfriend insists on telling me its a good song. so is it a hit or a miss?
The song they play in the background of the shock website \"mudfall.com\"  WARNING: THE WEBSITE MUDFALL.COM HAS VILE CONTENT, DO NOT WATCH IF YOU INTEND ON GETTING ME IN TROUBLE.
i dont know how perfect the lyrics are but this is what i got just from listening  \"im fly as allaire im high in the air. a star in the flesh go blind when you stare. when you talkin down there we dont hear it up here. we landed on the moon why do we care.\"  someone please help me!!! thank you! IT IS NOT FLO RIDA IN THE AYER THAT SONG IS GARBAGE, but thanks
i dont know how perfect the lyrics are but this is what i got just from listening  \"im fly as allaire im high in the air. a star in the flesh go blind when you stare. when you talkin down there we dont hear it up here. we landed on the moon why do we care.\"  someone please help me!!! thank you! IT IS NOT FLO RIDA IN THE AYER THAT SONG IS GARBAGE,  but thanks
What do you think are the greatest songs of all time? Or what songs are the best for.... ~dancing to ~singing to ~relaxing/chilling out to ~amping to ~etc.
1. If you rap about drugs, pimpin, playing and getting money, it's rap?(For bad people)  2. If you rap about Barack Obama, Who'sThat Girl 09, Dont Hate Me Cause I'm Sexy, than it's pop rap? (For good people)  Could wicked people like rap and good people like pop rap?  My music  1. Who's That Girl 09 2. Barack Obama 3. Dont Hate Me Cause I'm Sexy 4. Dont Push Your Belief  listen here http://www.myspace.com/charliecheckm
Take for example mine,  Its based on  60 % lyrics 30 % flow 10 % Personality So Eason, you just decide by voice? Sorry i don't really get your answer, no disrespect.
for example \"As you get older you will gain a bit more control over everything. Don't let anyone, even your parents, break you.  Find good people who care about you and surround yourself with just them. If you can't find them at first, find good music and fall into it, let it hold you until they come.\" -Davey havOk  Where can i find some more quotes said by rock singers?
I'm looking for a cute verse from one of his songs. There is just too many to look through. Anyone help? Any song really. They don't really even have to be cute.. Just something unique. And I don't care of your opinion of him. If I wanted to know your opinion I would of asked.. Anyways, If someone could help, with decent answers, I would really appreciate that. Thanks.
what is a good song about liking someone who has alredy moved on but your still not ready to..
And songs by your favorite bands?
What do you think? Or do you think it'd cost too much to clear the samples Example: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TsyljZl_HMA
my sister and i want to got to the jonas brothers concert in dallas and were wondering if the lawn seating is safe and if the lawn is good (visually and hearing the music) thanks if you can help :)
Hey friends, I play flute traversiere & started playing flute recorder, but I have a problem with trills, is there a special chart of tricks for doing these trills easier ? cuz there is one for flute traversiere . & can I find such a chart in the internet ? Thanx a lot
Who is the best down south rapper?And what makes them stand out from the others?
on the Pam: Girl on the loose commercial.   http://youtube.com/watch?v=m1OkM0mOPtw  Sick beat! although it's a girl moaning
it's the good life, so will yal *something* the good lifes slipping away... sorry thats all i know so far.
tell me if you like it does it make sense? is it good?  its just another love story you walked in the room ur eyes sparkling blue right then i new i wanted to be with you   nothings holdin me back gotta make my move gotta do it soon or else ill crack  i walk up to you your face so sexy and eyes so blue i feel a connction youre feeling it too im wonderin whatll happen if i make a move  ivry1s gone now  just you and me hearts filled with glee  you take me out under the stars with some candy bars  you drive me back home & kiss me goodnight but we werent alone my dad was right there sitting in his chair  he pulled me inside & locked the door tight but dont worry bout him he'ss get over it just knowwwww  i had the BEST night of my life.  do you like it? there is no original singer i wrote it
Please explain collective improvisation in jazz and give an example of modern day improvisation?!
help! any can you tell me any free piano sheet music sites for contemporary music?    thank you! 0_0 erm where can i find it online for free?
he does this thing live and i have tryed to figure it out because im going to do it for my talent show but i dont know if what i have found out by ear is right so if you know any of it please tell  http://youtube.com/watch?v=3Eixsv2OfLk
Artist: Ecay Uno Song: Look Atchaself  Its on a myspace page, sorry about that. But check it out. I think its dope.   http://profile.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=user.viewProfile&friendID=47276169
can anyone help me, i'm looking for the name of this gangsta rap song that came out around 95/96, the hook went \"with the rhythm it takes to dance to what we have to live thru...so what u gonna do?\" (what should i do? should i bang with the red or should i bang with the blue?)  thanx in advance
So i was just wondering if you had some ideas of some like sassy girl music..like since you been gone by kelly clarkson  or picture to burn by taylor swift.. i dont usually like this type of music so i dont know much but im in the mood for it please and thank you sassy as in more along the lines of the sassy like girls kick butt or like I KICK BUTT type of songs
ok the first song was right about face down but im still looking for a diffrent song..the other one...here im going to try to add more lyrics to it    will you tell me....(or will you wait/or wait) till im broken....  please help :D
I was wondering what the songs were on The Secret Life Of The American Teenager. I know that there was Girlfriend by Avril and another song called Courage Is, but what are the two songs that play at the dance? I have some of the lyrics but i don't know the songs
Ive been playing for a little over a year and have a first act acoustic and a fender squire strat, and really liking the acoustic and wanna get into some more expensive models. Whos a guitar (Under 200$?) That sounds pretty good and doesn't kill my fingers like my first act? Thanks!
It's a HipHop/Rap song, and Paul Wall is in it and in paul walls part he goes like \"crank that music on the h track or a track sumthing like that. please please help I heard it on My super sweet 16 (Hayley), and during the party scene it was on. Paul wall is in it, i have no idea what the title of the song is i need help please, In paul walls part he goes like \" Crank that music on the h track or a track\", sumtin like that please help i need to try to find the title of this song
Lyrics goes  Love me, love me, say that you love me........
Do these songs sound more like rap or pop? http://www.myspace.com/charliecheckm
Okay well first it was made in 2006 and there was like this boy/girl camp but the boys were seperated from the girls. And this boy and girl at like late at night escape from there dorms and meet eachother at this fence were they kiss and go through it to escape to were this band is playing and the guards of the camp are looking for the kids and when they get to the fence they dont see the band and in another scene the band is playing but when you see the guards the band is gone.
Its on the zune commercial
its an old song like freestlye a girl sings it but i dont know who or the name of the song ive always loved this song n really wanna hear it thanks for your help it goes somethin like this     dont you know   that i loved you more than any other girrrlll  but you played around with every single girl that caught your eye  its a ...(forgot this part) why u wanna see me threw all my love has turned away and its all because of you  cause your jelousy , your jelousy its got a hold on me and its killin me
zin zima, who got the keys to ma beama, who am iii , ... so onn
does anybody know the artist of this song. it's asian rappers thats all i know. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYo6DAgZmYg @ AL: that's the same thing just one verse shorter. it's still a good song. thanks
I have a Samick baby grand piano, and for some reason the sustain petal is stuck on.  It makes it really unpleasant for practicing.    So, is there any somewhat easy fix to this.  I would rather not have  a piano tuner come out until after the summer is over and the swamp cooler is turned off.    Any help would be appreciate. I looked at the rod and i lowered the limit stop so that the lever could go as far down as possible, but it still sticks.  It does not keep the full notes, they just linger more than they should, especially the lower notes.  I may call my piano tuner.
Have you tried the dualist single pedal (double beater)? Is it worth buying one for 260$? How much did your's cost? Please explain aboout this pedal
You can listen to it here: http://www.imeem.com/manuabu/music/NgElZq-i/robi_kahakalau_keiki_o_ka_aina/
make ur own song you want to get on your myspace...i looked for rihanna's song \"break em down\" and i cant find it so i was wondering if anyone knew how to make one ..
ive looked around and i think the name is poison and remedies but i cant find it on ares or limewire it goes sumthing like this  If I can see the stars in your eyes  Then your soul must be a miracle  Sent from the skies  No lie, I try  It's more than physical  Connected to the mind  Our love is spiritual  If love is a mix  Combine them all  We are a chemical  thats the chorus, im me at nyckidd08@aim if anythin thanks
Lets say that i want to change the note \"F\" in the key of c major to \"F#\" during the chorus of a song. During the chorus if i played a \"D\" chord which would normally be a D minor chord in the key of  \"C\" but is now D major because of the note change. And then change it back to \"F\" later in the song is this possible?
let u see the words
The only part that I can remember is screwed and he is saying \"they damn wrong when they think these chicos don't ride\".  It was on Mixtape. Awesome I must say...
Full Question -   i am having trouble coming up with new melodies (catchy ones) for the songs that i am writing for our rock band, any suggestions?     yea my best friends mom wont let her go on and wants me 2 ask this question. . . so plz answer i guess?
anyone know what songs they did?
Jay-Z - $34 million  50 Cent - $32 million  Diddy - $28 million  Timbaland - $21 million  Dr. Dre - $20 million  Eminem - $18 million  Snoop Dogg - $17 million  Kanye West - $17 million  Pharrell Williams - $17 million  Scott Storch - $17 million  Ludacris - $16 million  T.I. - $16 million  OutKast - $14 million  Lil Jon - $14 million  Ice Cube - $13 million  Jermaine Dupri - $12 million  Swizz Beatz - $12 million  Chamillionaire - $11 million  The Game - $11 million  Yung Joc - $10 million
in the song \"get silly\" the lyrics say: the dance floor silly, the ladies gonna feel me the fellas in the back AND THEIR TWISTIN' UP A PHILLY.  what is a philly and how do you twist it up? is it like i chick from philladelphia or something? idk. i wanna know. i'm too white to know!
I don't know much about Adele, but this song is beautiful.One of the best voices since Alison Moyet.! what do you think?......i can't stop listening to it.
The song is called \"Full Circle\" and I have no idea who it's by. I know that it's a jazz piece, and it's instruments only. I've scoured Limewire, iTunes, and somewhat of Google, but can't find the version I'm looking for. There's no words, and the tempo switches from 6/4 to 5/4, so I'd know instantly if that was the song.  Is anyone willing to take on this task? I know my description was broad, but I've never heard the recorded version that I'm looking for. We're playing this piece in my marching band, and my friend SWEARS she found it online. Thanks!
So far my friends have told me \"1 Day by Plies\" and \"Come back to me by Akon\"  Please only rap or r&b.
I like to ride my bike! I like to go fishing for pike! I have a dog. He is not a frog. I have some cats. They are brats. *ohhh yeah ohh yeah* I wish i was a wizard There is not a blizard coming. I like water do u think my friend will like this thing i bought her?     yeah thats my rap. tell me what u think.. and i'm really serious  about going places with this because my mom and grandpa said it was really good. yeah, to all the people who said i was doing something wrong in trying to make it in the industry, I just don't think thats right.. I mean how would you like it if someone just shot your dreams down from the start? I was seriously thinking of performing it somewhere. And I still want to. I will remember you all when I become famous. jk this isn't a real rap, i just mad it up to be stupid
WITHOUT having to convert it to wma first ect... (I have the song on CD and ripped it into my library but my converter won't open up the file) So, in other words, anyone know of a site that will let me add the song to my site??? It's not on her myspace page. Maybe it's my converter? I downloaded a free version of NB free. Can anyone suggest a different one??? What was meant to take minutes is taking hours! : (
I heard this song when i was in Hollister the other day. I only remember these words \" The weight of the world ... pushing down on ( its either \"you\" or \" your shoulders\" after that) PLEASSSEEEEEE HEEELP. it was kind of a rockish song if that helps. Thanks!   :]
then its like stop! there's nothing you can...or say? babbbbby.? please tell me!!
1)Do you feel like a man,when you push her around....   2)leave me here to be broken.... (sorry the 2nd one is kind of useless)    help me find these songs :] and by who
like Iron Maiden, Metallica, Ozzy, Pantera,  Marylin Manson, Dethklok, ect. Do guys like that or not?
Theres this music vid. i really adore the band, but i dont know what theyre called. In one video of theirs the skinnier guy goes in the tv. Theres a dog in it. And theirs another guy in the band who uses that little voice thiny tube that changes the way you sound. Vampire weekend said on Mtv once that one of that bands music videos were their favorite music video.   ** sorry my info. isnt wonderful (:** Ahhw. Thank you so so much.  (:
Set 1 1. You Shook Me All Night Long/ AC/DC 2. Rockstar/ Nickelback 3. Kryptonite/ 3 Doors Down 4. Living on a Prayer/ Bon Jovi Encore Paradise City/ Guns n Roses  Set 2 1. Hotel California/ The Eagles 2. Detroit Rock City/ Kiss 3. We're Not Gonna Take It/ Twisted Sister 4. You Really Got Me/ Van Halen Encore Alive/ Pearl Jam  Set 3 1. The Carpal Tunnel Of Love/ Fall Out Boy 2. Paralyzer/ Finger Eleven 3. Stairway To Heaven/ Led Zeppelin 4. Guitar Battle Verse Santana Encore with Santana Into the Night/ Santana ft. Chad Kroeger  Set 4 1.Lithium/ Nirvana 2.Start Me Up/ Rolling Stones 3.The River/ Good Charlotte 4. My Own Worst Enemy/ Lit Encore Crazy Train/ Ozzy Osbourne  Set 5 1. This Disaster/ New Found Glory 2. Done With You/ Papa Roach 3. Life is a Highway/ Rascal Flatts 4. Guitar Battle Verse Jimi Hendrix Encore with Jimi Hendrix Purple Haze/ Jimi Hendrix  Set 6 1.Dani California/ Red Hot Chili Peppers 2.I Walk the Line/ Johnny Cash 3. Sweet Home Alabama/ Lynyrd Skynyrd 4. Won't Get Fooled Again/ The Who Encore Beverly Hills/ Weezer  Set 7 1. Headstrong/ Trapt 2. Hit That/ The Offspring 3. Lights and Sounds/ Yellowcard 4. The Thrill is Gone/ B.B King Encore Free Fallin'/ Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers  Set 8 1. Fall to Pieces/ Velvet Revolver 2. Holiday/ Green Day 3. Master of Puppets/ Metalica 4. Guitar Battle Verse Peter Frampton Encore With Peter Frampton Show Me the Way/ Peter Frampton
Full Question -    i am having trouble coming up with new melodies (catchy ones) for the songs that i am writing for our rock band, any suggestions?     yea my best friends mom wont let her go on and wants me 2 ask this question. . . so plz answer i guess?
I just bought it!!! it's wounderful!!!!  im sorta freaking out right now!!! YAY! XD -sorry, just really excited!!!!  Who agrees?
1. Who's That Girl 09 2. Barack Obama 3. Dont Hate Me Cause I'm Sexy 4. Dont Push Your Belief  Listen here http://www.myspace.com/charliecheckm Stop lying and hating...You people are crazy..What's wrong with you?
Does anyone know the lyrics to the song 25 years by: the go find i know it starts \"When i drive back home remembering when we were young\" but does anyone know what the rest of the lyrics are?
it sure seems it does.
Hi!  My alto sax reed it reasonably new, I don't know why but it is already growing mold in places which is quite disgusting.  Sometimes when I take the reed out it looks as if it's dirty, but when I look closer, it's just some little white bug things crawling around it.  It also smells digusting.  What's wrong with my reed? Do all reeds do that? Should I get a new one? - or will it just end up the same way?
u kno, the one that gets stuck in ur head and wen u google it there is no real result for it? that song
Aerosmith vs Metallica Led Zeppelin vs The Beatles The Rolling Stones vs Pink Floyd Ratt vs Twisted Sister Pearl Jam vs Nirvana Van Halen vs The Black Crowes Guns N roses vs Def Leppard Queen vs Heart Talking Heads  Vs ACDC WhiteSnake vs Cream  Black Sabbath vs REM
In the video a girl brings her boyfriend home and he has deer antlers.... But her father doesn't like the fact that he has deer antlers so he tries to run him over... its by a rock band but i cant remember what the song is called and who it is by.... plz help me if you can....
Body Basswood  Bridge/Tremolo Hardtail  Case Included Yes  Controls Master Volume   Fingerboard Rosewood  Frets 22  Inlays Pearloid Star   Machine Heads Deluxe  Neck Material Maple  Pickguard White star shape  Pickup Type 1 Humbucker  Pickups Daisy Rock Deluxe Humbucker   Scale 22 1/2\"   its pink and white and in the shape of a star and it's 229 dollars. i'm a beginner, so i have no idea what's good and what's not. what about his one?  The STG electric guitars offer exceptional value, are easy to play and come in a wide choice of models. All STG guitars feature solid alder bodies, maple necks and rosewood fingerboards.   Available in Black, Sonic Blue, Surf Green, Sunburst, and Wine Red Finishes  Specs Body: Alder  Neck: Maple, Bolt-on  Fingerboard: Rosewood  Frets: 22F  Scale: 648mm(25-1/2\")  Pickups: OS-1 Single Coil x 3  Controls: Volume x 1, Tone x 2, PU Selector Switch x 1  Tailpiece: VFT-1 Tremolo  Hardware: Chrome   it's 99.99 which is better?
like I am singing to each person induviually I know the key to that is heart or passion...I think I have that but this performance I'm doing is up beat and I want it to be entertaing or something you will definetly remember I don't have stage fright I just don't want to be another singer whoi just stands there? I have done lame performances that had no passion or no energy I just want to know what pumps up a crowd how can I connect to a bunch of 6 year old kids to teens without being over the top crazy,yet heartfelt? haha I deffinetly see where you are coming from see,even though 6 year olds have little minds,belive in cooties and have small crushes and pick boogers, I am still am looking for MORE! Why do 6 year olds enjoy the annoying Hannah Montanna and her lyp-syncing? is it because she puts in a good performance and mouthes words well is it because shes \"pritttey\" my guess is that she is entertaing obvoiusly, but when you perform in front of a large age range of people,whats best (to do)? I mean you deffinetly don't want your grandma hearing techno/electro or screamo!!! I am in a show in which it is being broadcast on tv (in our city) which means even if people watch you through a tv they can STILL connect with you no matter how old or young and say, wow that was just friggin sweet or funny or amazing  BASICAllY I want to find tips on ENTERTAING wide ranges fun things to,say during performances what makes you laugh,cry,and give  a performance you won't forget.
the band im in is performing at a local sports bar in about a week and we've decided on a final song line-up what are your opinions on it? (also only opinions no recomendations we really need to start practicing) (also if it matters i play guitar)  1. modest mouse - the view.  2. ACDC - thunderstruck.  3. guns n roses - godfather theme guitar solo.  4. lynard skynard - sweet home alabama.  5. aerosmith - dream on.  6 last song. guns N roses - civil war.  thats the final line up also the only reason were doing all non original songs is because we still haven't got the whole song making harmony down.
Rate My Rap   Copyright  Disgrace -------------------  I\u2019m a soldier in this rap game I\u2019m gonna make sure you know my name When I spit I\u2019m a lit fuse I can attack anyone of yous Here I count in twos Two four six pick up sticks Grab that branch and hit you in your face Look at you crying like you got spayed with mace Saying \u201CPlease no stay away from that gun!\u201D About time I called fucking 911 So I can take the law in my fucking hands The New Kids better watch out I hate boy bands My 9 is almost out you might be the last This finger\u2019s getting happy my millimeter is about to kick your ass Switch it with my Uzi don\u2019t worry I\u2019ll end you fast Faster than road runner runs over coyotes ass(beep beep)(bitch)   [Hook] Get the fuck up here spit in my face You\u2019re a fucking disgrace to the rapping race You\u2019re ruining Tupac\u2019s name pissing on his grave Destroying the road he paved It\u2019s time I put you in your damn grave  I\u2019m beginning the second verse My dissing here is a lot worse It\u2019ll leave you bleeding and in a hearse My lyrical knife to your throat I dare you one last time come on gloat! Come on let one little word slip you better bite your lip Hip hop straight to the spiting Hell no I\u2019m not quitting B-Rabbit kept on with his raps spilling it I will too with my realest and illest shit So you can keep feeling this word for word Line for line I be writing all the time Rhyme for rhyme ready to shine Some new rap in my mind left to find No single thought left behind Behind a sign that I should be a rapper   [Hook] Get the fuck up here spit in my face You\u2019re a fucking disgrace to the rapping race You\u2019re ruining Tupac\u2019s name pissing on his grave Destroying the road he paved It\u2019s time I put you in your damn grave   I\u2019m a rapper you with no likes of such A rapper with no rap vendetta Rappers know they can\u2019t hit what they can\u2019t touch Like women want what they can\u2019t have These battles I don\u2019t love Because push just came to shove Lower the bar make it hard This is my power my art I keep on painting keep writing the next line\u2019s rhyme Talking about the shit that happen last week  You talking about nonsense that shit\u2019s weak You want to be shot piss me off I\u2019ll take this nine to your chest with that fake S I\u2019m tired of your fake shit your ruining the game Your only in it for the money and the fame Crank dat crank what? What da hell you talking about?  [Hook] Get the fuck up here spit in my face You\u2019re a fucking disgrace to the rapping race You\u2019re ruining Tupac\u2019s name pissing on his grave Destroying the road he paved It\u2019s time I put you in your damn grave Can u tell what you think its about???
Is there a song that totally says who you are or what you feel?
william beckett from the academy is... or bryce avary from the rocket summer?
oh man, i just listened to this song and had tears coming out of my eyes! what songs have made you cry?
It was the first audition tonight July 1
i heard a song by lil wayne but i dont no what its called its a song from like 1 year ago help me im going cra
Its a remake of Al B. Sure \"Night and Day\"
I need a good song thats up beat and fast and summery but not rap will give best answer thanks
Ok... It hast to be Rap..  It hast to Bee Up-Beat Like  Swing By Savage or something  like.. well.. cant explain it but just Upbeat
So, yeah, how far are they? Are the lawn seats so far away that you can't see the performers onstage? Are they that bad? After a concert, do you get a chance to meet the performers or do they just disappear?  And if you live in Concord, CA or close to it, do you know information on how to/ how the bus system works there and is there a stop near 1451 Oakland Avenue (the BART station there?) Can it go to the Sleep Train Pavilion (the bus I mean)?  Thanks if you know any answer to my questions.
depression era songs??? lol Cathy songs like that kept our immigrent ancestors from moving west \"Aint falling for that streets paved with gold crap  ma...not again anyways!\"
my fav bands are the academy is, the rocket summer, forever the sickest kids, and boys like girls.  i feel like listening to a slow sad song kind of like some of the songs from rocket summer and boys like girls.   suggest any music AT ALL that you think i would like pleasee doesnt have to be slow or sad.  idk im downloading songs from itunes so give me ideas!!   thank you.. i like some songs with screamo.  i dont mind it at all.
What is the name of a good song that I can listen to that talks about wanting to change the past but cant?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yC7fh5v1lGw
It's a country song by a female, something about she's got her mother's ??? she's got her grandmother's ????   I thought it was by sara evans, but couldn't  find it  HELP Thank YOU rcknrll2...
Need song ideas for choir camp; Songs that have a world theme or involve the world, or maybe mention the word \"world\" occasionally in the lyrics.  No rap, please.  Serious answers appreciated. The songs should be upbeat too.  thanks
Describe your dream rapper. Describe a rapper to me with the total package. I mean everything that you can think of, this rapper has it. Don't name any rappers out there right now. Describe the perfect rapper. Give me every quality.
 Like, list some. Not just one. Moonlight Sonata is my fav. Like, list more than one. I will actually check them out if I don't already know them. I love the Moonlight Sonata because I play the piano.
I heard a song while walking through a store the other day, I know it's not the Jeff Buckley/Cohen/Wainwright song. It was a slow song and it said Hallelujah a lot, someone please help. It is not Hallelujah by Leonard Cohen and not a cover of it either.
I am looking for the name of this techno song on this video in this this link.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=faicGnhG31o I have looking for this song for a very long time and have no info on who it is or what it is called. Any info greatly appreciated. listen at 3 minutes in
I want a fun up-beat song for my profile but i want it to be like fun and not drowsy ya know? lol something fast w/ good lyrics! no rap tho lol will give best answer thanks
it keeps repeating \"okay your a goon but what's a goon to a goblin\" and no its not a millie it just repeats that sample in the hook i ALS0 NEED THE NAME 0F THE S0NG
TO DOWNLOAD FREE.
I thought it was Dirty Vegas but I can't find anything that sounds like it. Some of the lyrics repeated throughout the song are \"I like it; filthy and raw\". It's the song in the very beginning of the movie when they show the title and director's name and producers.
Can anyone list songs that have a similar beat to sean pauls (gimme the light, we be burning...)  Thanks
Does anyone know what song it was? I think it was on a greatest hits album, but I don't remember.
i like \"distance\" by evan and jaron, but i want some more to, like \"here without u\" by 3 doors down, those kinds of songs plz help if u can
A good song not some sappy love tune but a Rock or Nu Metal type of thing.  List 5 good ones and you will get 10 PTS.
This song is always on sirius left of center.  \"Love is gone, Love is lost\" or something along those lines. It's a great song, but have had no luck in finding it.
The World I Know\" by Collective Soul  Has our conscience shown? Has the sweet breeze blown? Has all the kindness gone? Hope still lingers on. I drink myself of newfound pity Sitting alone in New York City And I don't know why.  Are we listening? Hymns of offering. Have we eyes to see? Love is gathering. All the words that I've been reading Have now started the act of bleeding Into one.  So I walk up on high And I step to the edge To see my world below. And I laugh at myself While the tears roll down. 'Cause it's the world I know. It's the world I know.     http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5rW6Px8WmN8
Put these 3 people from best to worse.
Ok. So, I'm having a difficult time understanding that the reason most people make a band is to look cool and impress people. I'm sick of it. All I want to do is write and play music and have it mean something! I mean, it doesn't matter if you're in a coffee shop with 3 people listening or a stadium....it's the message of music! Ugh. I'm just frustrated. I feel like I'll never find a dedicated group of people to work with. Where are the dedicated musicians? Thanks.....~Indie G   I really hope that doesn't sound snobby or whatever. I just can't find someone who'll stick with it...........
Groups that perform teasingly on videos and on stage? one of my fav is Zhanna Friske. U can check her videos.  please share info about other similar singers too...
Mine are...in this order...  Jet Black Stare - at a Saving Abel concert!!!! I LOVE these guys.  Theory of a Dead Man - some concert  Egypt Central -  Whateverlife.com   if you  dont know these people check em out!!!
Its really pretty and instrumental, and I just want to know what the name is!
i am a great singer and when i am 16 i wanna be a singer but how? i told my cousin and he is i have to go to american idol or canadian idol. is that true? or we do somthing eles?
i'll gonna buy this pedal, and i wanna know if this pedal is good for: nirvana, alice in chains, soundgarden, radiohead, audioslave, guns  roses, led zeppelin .and how about the distortion. ?? i'll  be waiting for your anwers thanks everybody
I heard the first single from there new album and thats all i really know of there stuff (except for the stuff i saw them peform on Jolls Holland)Would i like there new album i see it at target and im going there tommorow and im thinking of buying it.(Im a big fan of   Indie) Any reviews?
Miley Cyrus/Hannah Montana Selena Gomez Ashley Tisdale Demi Lovato Kelly Clarkson Carie Underwood Jordin Sparks Miranda Cosgrove Hilary Duff Haylie Duff Dallas Lovato Christina Aguilera Lindsey Lohan Jessica Simpson Ashlee Simpson or Mandy Moore        Just wanna know (these singers are not all my favorite)
that you like?
I'm making a cd for my bro and I'm lookin for songs like a Milli by lil wayne, you know chopped and screwed and with a good beat. Thanks
Or are they agains your music?  I'm kind of in between, because thanks to my dad I like stuff like The Beatles, Madness and Led Zepellin and a lot of 80's music. However he hates most of my other music like The Smiths (!!) and he thinks that every band I listen to is Green Day (I don't know why)  What about you?
Artist      Drake Song      Brand New Year       07-08 additional info..       PLEASE HELP ME!
I have never sang for someone else for money before so Im not sure what a fair rate is.  Can someone help please?
NO RAP!!
and i was wondering if it is going to be a crazy concert..... Does anyone know????? im pretty sure its going to be nothing like mudvayne or megadeath, but i never really seen a SKA band live before And i dont know what to wera either...plz help!
its like there ooohing in rythm. like a arber shop quartet...help me please
I Love Rock, Country, Im tired of hearing the same stuff so Not any overplayed songs even if its old just something new for me
it's called you and it's a really good song. i just don't know like all he's talking about in this song. i don't know what girl he's talking about at what times in the song. it's just confusing. can somebody tell me what it's about?  thank you.  here's the link. ,, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9N7GpomN8I&feature=related
im talking about the BANDS... :)
I have been searching for ever and can't find it anywhere!
You have a boyfriend that you love but you have grown feelings for another man...but you you dont know what you want to do....
it goes   im not here for youre entertainment  you dont really wanna mess with me tonight  just stop and take a second I was fine before you walked into my life Now you know its over  Before it begins.....  whats it called
the part of the lyrics goes like this.  \"if u could see what it is i see in u, i wonder if u could see it too\". its very upbeat.  and it is a male singer and it isnt christain music like a pop rock  sort of sounds like blues traveler song run around but add guitar  please help
me and my bro was driving around one day and listening to xm radio and we had it on a country station. it was talking about this guy going to new york or califorina or somewhere and he always lived in the country and how he wants to go back and he called one of the city folks a s.o.b like 10 times or less. what is the name of it or any other songs that might be like it
i am going on a 20 bus ride this weekend and i need some good songs to put on my ipod...preferably newish ones...
What is your favorite Beatles glitch, individual instrument part, odd funny moment, underrated guitar, bass, or drums part, part that you think only you know about (something you can hear on a song but only if you listen REALLLL carefully)? Examples: John's cough of relief after finishing Twist and Shout; Ringo's awesome drumming in Rain; barking by Paul at end of I Feel Fine; Mal Evans' countdown and his alarm clock in A Day in the Life. Stuff like that, and yes you can use those examples IF they're your favorite. Only Criterion: Must be a regular issue recording, not live at Hollywood Bowl, Star Klub, Anthology or bootlegs (though I am partial to George's rendition of Mama You've Been on my Mind on Beatles Black Album), could be a \"lost\" 45/single version, mono or stereo. After it's done, I'll let you know what mine is. I said guitar, bass or drums... sorry, I mean ANY instrument or THING making a sound on an official Beatles recording. Thanks =)
Which Beatles song do you think is the most underrated and overrated and why? thanks :D
FREE
I heard it was like...sometime in 2009. Idk.  Lol. Someone clarify please!! And someone who actually knows what they're talking about, please. lol.
The songs are bridged by the word allelujah..
PLEASE I LOVE THEM!!! AND IT WOULD BE LESS MONEY THEN FARTHER I WOULD DO ANYTHING PLEASE FIND OUT THE CLOSEST CONCERT FROM NORTH DAKOTA I LUVV metro station and trace cyrus and mason musso
Am I missing something?
It is a male artist.. song in the last.. um 10 years or so.....   He talks about the south, he names different southern sates... Something about smelling.. flowers.. and rembering when he was young?? I don't know, I can't even think of the tune!! Maybe someone can help me here, Im going crazy!! OMG!! THATS IT!! THANK YOU!! THANK YOU! THANK YOU!!!
So I have this audition in August and Im practicing really hard. I have to sing \"Zip a dee doo dah\" but Im not that good in my own opinion. I need some advice in general on making a good appearance and I need advice on my singing.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCw5MS73B-0
I swear that I have heard this xylophone song before, and I believe it is has been used for a theme song for a television show. Other people have said that it sounds like the theme from American Beauty, but that's not it. It's driving me crazy!
i don't remember who sings it but it starts with a guy on the piano...there are two guys...saying something like when you go out to clubs at night i know that he don't be acting right but i can't stand to have you ever going away from me or some thing like that :/ please help
I'm really short.. about 5 foot 1. I'm going to see Paramore with my friend and I was wondering if i'm going to have a hard time seeing? You know since i'm so short. (:
I want to learn to play a musical instrument and I've been looking into buying a drum kit. But, I don't have a lot of money (I am going to get a job, but even then...) and I don't want to buy an awful set. So I was wondering what good brands sell cheaply, hopefully around $500 at the most. If that isn't going to happen please tell me, thanks. I want to learn to play a musical instrument and I've been looking into buying a drum kit. But, I don't have a lot of money (I am going to get a job, but even then...) and I don't want to buy an awful set. So I was wondering what good brands sell cheaply, hopefully around $400 at the most. If that isn't going to happen please tell me, thanks. Amazon and eBay give me cheap drum sets, not a guide to how good they are And, that top edit, that was an accident. I was trying to lower the price ranger but, well, this is a horrible program
The beginning is like, \"Does it mean much, Doesn it mean anything.\"  I can't remember the rest, but it's a rock songg.
if you dont like neither then dont bother asking  and if ur a hater dont bother cliiking on this cuz I WILL BLOCK YOU!   IM GOING WIT kOrN
The Gibson stock tuners are crap, so while they're at it I'd like for them to slap on some Grovers... Does Guitar Center do it? If so, how much? I paid good $$$ for this baby and I want it to sound like it's worth it's weight in gold!
So they are in my city this month are they a good live band to catch and also does anyone know if they are nice guys?  Thanks :)
I'd like to see Snoop and Rick Ross. I bet that woukd be fire!
Does anyone know any  good vocal excersises that will improve pitch or tone?
which lyrics begin like \"there is a world outside....\"
Give me your favorite bands. I am pretty much open for anything, my motto for music is don't judge, just listen, then judge.
I heard that line of the song on the radio and I can't find the song. Please help if you know it.
Pick up your gun jump in the whip lets ride on this like oh oh oh (x4)  (Chorus) I put that on everything -I will be reppin the south to the day that i die I put that on everything From the midwest i'm ready to ride because i'm from the Chi I'm from the M i'm from the Double the S, yall know the rest Talk about that and I'll dig in yo chest Ready to die for these streets so hit you with with this heat You don't want to see T and DB and i put that on everything (x2)  not these i already know them!!!
that those 22 dancers danced to its all like designer brands and 'no one ugly allowed' and like fashionistas
Who is the artist what's the song and are you enjoying it.  I am listening to the killers going song to song so i can't say the name of the song. What about U? Add extra opinions if u like, i don't care.
remember anything they played?
I went to see Chris Rock perform last month.  Before he came out, there was music playing.  This one song got stuck in my head, it was mid-tempo and one of those neo-soul songs.  I don't know the artist or the name of the song, I  was told that the song gets played on the BET Jazz channel.  The only lyrics I could make out were \" This World\"...  I don't think its by Ledisi, I've been looking up neo-soul artists on amazon and I haven't found anything.
Tupac Biggie  Nas Jay Z  These are the G.O.A.T's people claim so who would shine if they did a song together and please dont say all of them
I need help get the song \"heartbeat\"by Stereo Skyline..but i cant find an mp3 version..can you please help me with this and can u please send me the link to where to find it too!   thankz\u2665  =)
The songs lyrics are somewhat like this \"kudiye....nache meri soniye....kamal soniye....\" its Punjabi I believe, but I can't seem to pin down the song.    For someone who really wants to help, here is the link http://www.india-forums.com/video/video.asp?vc=ftvljm43rulkv2vg8uc8fxdc  and just forward to 1:10 its where the song starts.
dude i just heard that and it is effed up 4 real is it true dance with the devil** heII yeah it is he says its a true story...guess not tho
I am just looking for some new music.
Because if it is, then im really uncomfortable by it. My Chemical Romance always managed to be a great band WITHOUT a pianist. I  mean, you cant even hear the keyboard anyways, except for in songs like the Black Parade and You Know What They Do to Guys Like Us in Prison. I mean seriously, whats up with that? I'll slowly get used to it, but still. He was better in Reggie and the Full Effect. Supposedly, he declared himself a part of the band, but i really dont want him in. I mean, hes great and all, but not in MCR. He seems good and all, i dont know why im uncomfortable with it. But its just hard to get used to six people instead of 5. Does this sound right? Mikey, Ray, Bob, Gerard, Frank, James? It doesnt sound to fitting Its true though. Its all about the music, so i guess i can get over that. It willt ake me a while to get used to him though.. *sigh* Now that i think of it, i dont really care about him. I can pretend hes not there or something. As long as he doesnt show up on posters, or on pictures in the album or something
Artist: Stress Album:Unequal Balance Song: Left Behind  Link: http://www.zshare.net/audio/1415039541223518/ All opinions welcome. By the way, its not me spittin on the track. I'm just wondering what people thought of it.
cruising with the top down driving all around town flying with a baby all day til its sundown making a wish on a perfect day baby keeps smiling in her perfect way\"
who is tim mcgraw married to? REALLY! i thot that but i didnt no if maybe they just liked how they sounded together when they sang....wow i feel like a dumb a sssssss
I been making a compilation CD for about a week and i can't seem to find like 20 songs that just make me feel good. So far i have Lil Rob ' Back in the streets', wyclef jeans 'fast car remix', and ice cube 'it was a good day'. i just want music that'll make me nod my head and dance. none of that t-pain shit tho...
i need brazilian songs like maghalenha or songs that have the same sound as that one, upbeat songs only please if you know any songs, tell me thank you
the song williamsburg by armor for sleep has a very good intro, but is it a remake from another song? it sounds familiar... what song>?
here's the lyrics I think I heard...  \"there's a sun coming over the horizon, i want to know where it's coming from doesn't everyone, who will i am, why am i am, who... who..., and then i open my eyes..., get in my heart, get in my car, love makes everything inside come alive\"
Which of this songs is harder (piano) and WHY (I only play the second one) - This is me by Demi Lovato - Crepuscule with Nellie by Th.Monk And remember to write WHY
i think it goes like this... dont make me change ym mind, i wont live to [something] another day [something] true cause the girl i [something] she s impossible to find
The other day I was listening to some hardcore music and i heard  Stay fly by the devil wears prada...i thought it was so cool anyways I'm looking for other songs like that...i know they have like pokemon, captain planet, and I'm with you by avril lavign turned into like hardcore but i don't know the names or where to find them?
that goes  \" and you never, ever let me in\" and its kinda power pop/ techno it sounds like metro station but im not sure if it is
Im going to warp tour in a week and i dont know what to wear and what should i bring just in case i want some bands to sign there atuographs can you please help me its urgent.
it it like \" Kal-id \" ?? my boyfriend keeps saying im doing it wrong or it doesn't sound right with my accent of something... !? I know he is wack but I still want to know how to say his name lol lol I don't want to listen to him...
Me and my dad might go and I was just wondering about the stages? There is a Jagermeister stage, Hot Topic Stage and Main stage. how does that work? do they share the same stage but change it to the different sponsors as different bands come on? Or are there 3 different stages? I am just really confused. And is section 205 row VV good seats?
What songs should I listen to by them? Thanks!
Doesn anyone know any bands similar to Nightwish??  If you don't know who Nightwish is, it will be hard to answer, but basically its a metal band with an orchestral background. Some like to call it symphonic metal. Also the lead singer is a female. (I'm not to picky about the lead singers, I'm just looking for other symphonic metal bands).  The ones I already know of are: Within Temptation Kamelot Epica Sonata Arctica Dimmu Borgir  Looking for some different ones though. Any suggestions??
I heard this song by LL Cool J, and it had like wierd keyboard sounds in it, like electronic. the sounds are similar to those in blueberry yum yum. which song is this??
I can't find them anywhere. I heard the song when I was at girl scout camp when I was younger, and can't seem to remember the song anymore. I'm trying to teach it to my Day Care class, but need to remember the rest of the song. It's driving me crazy! Thanks alot!! nope... that's a pop song... this is a sing along song for children... please read everything next time.
1. Tupac (Too me, he was the realest rapper, he had a unique ability that nowhen else had..he could make you feel the pain of someone from the ghetto when you're rich, or from the suburbs. 2. Big Pun (I just loved his vicious style and lyrical ability) 3. Big L (I loved his punchlines, lyrics were sometimes funny and fit together really well 4. Notorious B.I.G (Was a lyrical beast, and story teller. Had mad flow) 5.Nas (Mostly because of his 'ether' track, one of the best diss tracks i've heard) 6. Eazy-E (Hard to explain, it's just something about him I really like 7.DMX (I liked him because his songs really pump me up [ruff ryders anthem, also my first rap song ever heard, and one of my favourites] 8. Eminem  (I like his vicious, and violent style. Also a very  good writer) 9.Lil' Wayne (Debatable, I know, I just like his creative lyrics, which some people aren't quick enough to understand) 10. TIE: Fabolous/Lloyd Banks (I know, this pick is very contriversial. I just like their flow, and punch lines.)   WHO IS YOUR TOP 10?
Ok, so I heard this song on some hold music. It was extremely staticy but I tried to get as much as I could before they picked up.  It's a sad country song, with a catchy melody.   I'd swear part of the song said this (or something similar)  something something (maybe you are) \"All I see\". And then went into \"your happiness is raining all over (or down) on me\"   And I'd also swear that after that he said \"purple rain is gone\" - However, it could be something that rhymed with purple. But pretty sure \"rain is gone\" is part of it as well.   It's not Tim McGraw - She's my kinda rain, or Songs About Rain.   Thanks That video not only has nothing to do with my question, but it's extremely retarded anyways...  Is she on crack?
I want a popular song that most people know, and a song that will make even the worst singers sound amazing. The song needs to be easy to dance to, so it isn't boring for the audience.
like mayday parade and between the trees
I really need help finding a good pair of mallets (two for each hand specifically)!  I dont need anything too fancy.  Something that would be good for solos.  I'm having so much trouble deciding between a lot of mallets!  I really like malletech, but I guess I can live with another company  Prove to me how good they are!!!!
All i know is some girl is singing on that commercial. its the one where these goths walk into a house and go into the basement and a band is playing and the lead singer is a girl. what is the name of that song playing and what's the name of the band?
Does anyone know where I can find this piece of musical perfection. Their is a version of Whiter Shade of Pale that will KNOCK YOUR SOCKS OFF
cassie corellee and taylor swift  i like miranda lambert to and julie roberts
I need some mroe downloads for my summer playlist. stuff I like are summer/california songs like 'we got more bounce in california' new bands like 'metro station' social code, arctic monkeys i also love indie rock bands like maroon 5, oasis  just write down any songs u love right now that aren't the kinds u hear on radio stations cause i hear those alot like 24/7  thanx a bunch
it goes : \"We feel good because we know its the right thing everywhere we go\"   here is is: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oPnWh_9Nt...
DO ANY OF YOU KNOW IF THEYRE PLAYING IN EDINBURGH ON HOGMANAY?
It goes.. Good morning beauitful how was your night, mine was wonderfull with you by my side... whats the song?
i need a song in which the main idea of the song is something like \"i love you but we cant be together cause we hurt each other\" or something like that, a song that expresses those feelings
downlaod it, its called lori lie and apparently thats not how you spell it so help with spelling or artist would be greatly appreciated. THANKS!
What are some songs that are similar to the one listed above? The more songs the better.
The song at the beginning of this clip that plays as the men are walking toward the stage is beautiful, I remember it from when I was a kid, but I don't know the title. Any help is greatly appreciated!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_aNo3DxWaW4
(ok i posted this before) but Im stuuck i dont know who sings this  welll its a girl singing ..it has like a pop/r&b feel to it & its kinda slow It goes sumthin like this in the begining:  \"whyyy, i been dreamin but nobody else but you (then it echoes) But you.. you been playin me like a foo (echoes) its not the fact that i want ya.. its just that i need yoouu you kno everybody.. asks me what are ya gonna do Now its not alright were not ok.. im still gon love you anyway\"
Where is his track guys??? and speaking on that...where is his latest material... i mean \"Keys to the City\" this g-unti track...his new album...the d12 album...the Detox... what the eff man..
I Can't really remember any of the lyrics but it's sung by a boy band and it's about how this girl knows everything about her boyfriend like his favorite song ect but he doesn't know anything about her... I think it's pretty recent...
is this a remake of a song? becuase the intro to this song sounds familiar whats it called?
 he cries and he prays for the news he hopes he doesn't have to hear...\" I really liked this song but it was playing in the background of a TV show my parents were watchin. Now I can't find the song title. Any suggestions? Thanks!
i have the cdj's 800 mk and they are alot of  fun to use for beat matching but i still do not have scratching down. i've seen many videos on youtube on how to do it but none of them say what song or part of the song  they are using.  also, how do you set up your fader correctly? it
i got a dean vendetta 1f and i broke the e string and i went to music go round and made them replace all my strings and when i got home i tried to tune my guitar to drop d but like it stays in the same tunning (standard)
watch this and tell me what you think...add her too. say drew sent you..let me know waht you think thanks!!!  http://myspacetv.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=vids.individual&videoid=37429204
Does anyone have or know how i can get the note letters for Richard Clayderman's \"Murmures\" .....  as in C C E G... etc..?  ...or any other song for that matter, any specific website or anything anyone may have...    :)
I'm looking for the piano sheets but I can't find it anywhere.. I want the same one they have up for preview on musicnotes.com but I'm looking for a free one that I can download in a pdf format or something. Please help! Thanks! :)
i think the song is ok but i love the video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muP9eH2p2PI&feature=related
I looked but I couldn't find any Tokio Hotel tickets for the Denver show on the 25th of August. Anybody know for sure where I can buy some?
Ok,so I cannont tab by ear. and well I really want to learn this song but am having major trouble,I tried tabbing by ear but it didn't work out. I can't find this song anywhere,but I'd really like this learn this song for my friend.and I was wondering if someone could help me figure out basic to this song I want to learn.Like I can tell things are repeated but I have no idea what I should be playing. so if you listen to this,and know what I should be using and stuff,you can email me or leave it in an answer on here and tell me.im sure email would be easier so we could keep in contact if im to have any trouble with it.  but here's the song :http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uh8Y-vkVvwo  if you could help thank you so much. and i'll pick a best answer(: haha. so yea once again thanks so much if you help me out.it'll mean alot to me. also I have tried ultimate guitar.com the tabs are inccorect.thats why im asking for help here! haha
here is the first part of the song it goes something like (d**n)Now lets start off by saying I seen you with somebody else had to keep it real play it and try to keep it to myself I couldnt say a d**n thing (d**n thing d**n thing) all the things that we used to do I bet yall do it too less than 6 months ago it was only me and you now another n**** is rollin around sexin my girl (my girl my girl) so what do I do do I go and try to find another (what should I do should i) go and call my lover d**n I feel I need her every since I seen her rollin in sex in another mans arms oooh thought I could let you go you got up and let me go and girl it hurts to see you happy with somebody new got me thinking to myself there goes my girl my girl my girl thats my girl seeing you with somebody else really threw me off cant believe how you can pick right up and moved on still got me thinking to myself thats my girl my girl my girl
 Thank You scooter! This is my first e-mail since tues.
he has a song called you && i have no clue what it's about. i love it though.  so can someone tell me what it's about please.  in case you haven't heard it then here. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9N7GpomN8I&feature=related  thanksss. duh , of course it's about a girl.
He is from London Via Sicily, one of the best Violin makers of all time....anyone know of him? Please??
Anyone know the name to the song??? Its kind of old and I cant remember. Its not my band my eminem...its more like rock.
Hey Im starting a band with a group of friends and we came up with a group of names. We were wondering which ones you guys like and if any of these names are already taken?Here are the names:  1.Teal roses                                  2. Chemical flood                          3.  Amber\u2019s pride / Panic's Pride                                                          4.  Paper rose                        5.  Overrated                                  6.  love triangle                                                              7.  colorful chaos   8.  burning desire                           9.  consumed everlasting    10. new eclipse  11. invisible wounds  12. tears of twilight   13. your dead poppy  14. kiss of hope
It goes like this- Tell me how I feel how I feel. A Lady sings this song. Do you know this?
violins lessons roughly two months but playing for 6 and i'm learning to sight read and play staccato is this normal or should I be doing more advanced things  my teacher keeps on saying I have a nice tone what does that mean?  i'm 14 years old btw and also is there a chance of me getting into a symphony one day with the age and all
ok i was watching B.E.T and i heard this song and all i know is that they were talking about goiing to have a good day,,,it was a rap song with singing in it.. i know there was kids in a classroom sing in the video
What songs do you recommend I listen to by them? Thanks!
I was HIGHLY impressed by how quickly and accurately my last (vague) song question got answered, so I'm trying an even harder one.  I heard a song on a Boston rock or alternative radio station today (song is probably from the last 5-8 years), some time between 7-8pm.  It's an all--male band, fast, and some of the lyrics might include words about being on the edge of the bed, a nightmare, something about a head.  Whelp, that's about it.  Help if you can! By the way.....this was a really popular song at some point (again, last 5-8 years max).  Anyone in their 20's would recognize it instantly, if that helps.
im wanted 2 study guitar...but... im so confused which guitar shall i've ? regular acoustic or classical guitar ? n..cud u plz tell me what brand should i buy..yamaha ? cort ? gibson ? + da site 2.  tnx---xoxo
i need ideas for an acapella group name. we are 4 girls, and we don't have any names yet. we sing acapella. before we sing just for fun, and now we got invitation to school function, opening nights, and parties. we don't have names, so people just call us 'the acapella group'. I think it ugly and we need ideas....help? oh and the reason i'm asking names  from people over the internet is because i want some IDEAS. So that i can bring those names to the discussion of my group. but thank you very much dumbmasterbeanz for calling me stupid.
What are some good songs by these artist? or do you know any similiar artist besides Cypress Hill
Ok, so I was watching adult swim, and I saw Gerard Way say that it was their last show of the Black Parade ever... and it said all this crap about how they were selling the live cd and stuff... but.... idk.. I'm confused and scared..
just asking
pretty much the whole song reminds me a lot of the very beginning of \"stronger\"-kanye west almost has a techno feel lyrics kind of sound like \"move it, fix it, rock it\" over and over with different start words. i know it would help if i knew the artist or lyrics but i dont.  the song was popular within the past few months, but it isnt on the charts anymore.  PLEASE HELP ASAP! thanks =]
So I'm going to try listening to them...what songs do you recommend you listen to? Thanks!
 APC. I would say Snot was nu-metal The only two I ever really liked were....  Mudvayne http://youtube.com/watch?v=Gm5NZnPcSrA http://youtube.com/watch?v=L5ZbdDDNz3c&feature=related    and Kittie http://youtube.com/watch?v=mRTGzLBwfsA http://youtube.com/watch?v=vGe_eohCA3Q
i wanted to look for the sheet music for a flute part to the song success montage from the movie WANTED can anyone help me find it??? 10 points to the one that can!!!!
http://uk.youtube.com/watch?v=rdOIY545w1I
If you like what do you think it is a love song?
At the end there were two african teens running throw a door and on the other side it said don't follow me in yellow
rock, rnb, country please. preferably newer songs..? i am an alto. he is a bass? we think.
emo, emotional rock, emotional hardcore whatever you want to call it why do all these bands only sing about misery and depression, THERE ARE OTHER EMOTIONS, happy ambivalent, wistfull, love, envy whatever pick a subject and sing about it, stop ripping off the goth movment you self righteous pretentious tossers *rant rant rant rabble rabble rabble*  also, what does emotional rock actually mean, what kind of friggin music ISNT emotional ....  ....  ...      twats huh why does being emotional have to mean being depressed, i had an emotional reunion at a trainstation with a friend a while ago but it was a happy experience... in fact i have a song about it
So I haven't really listened to them before and I'm gonna start...what songs do you recommend I listen to? Thanks!
i only remember these lines: \"hungry for strength, hungry for love\" or something and it had sort of a techno beat....i think. i dont remember anymore :P
I know for a fact that the song \"Lake Shore Drive\" by Alliota, Haynes and Jeremiah was on there, as well as a song about Wrigley. Please help me find this CD somewhere!
HELLO! I was wondering if you guys knew of any bands I may like. My favorite genres are metal, hard rock and punk. Here's a list of bands: -Green Day -Evanescence -Avenged Sevenfold -Black Tide -The Confession -Lacuna Coil -Within Temptation -Nightwish -Epica -Breaking Benjamin  I really like the female-fronted metal bands (you could probably tell that) but if you could tell me some of them or just other bands like the ones I mentioned, that'd be great! THANK YOU SO MUCH! :) Oh, I like Jack Johnson and James Blunt, too! Their a little random but I love them! PS- I hate Paramore.
The Bangles were certainly one of the hottest girl groups of the 1980's and early 90's. They split up for a while but were reunited in the early 21st century with a new album. Their bright, happy music was a great fusion of rock 'n' roll, British rock, soft rock, pop, and country. They sang all the songs in exquisite four-part female harmonies and played their own instruments as a very prolific self-contained band. All too soon, it was over.   Susanna Hoffs was lead singer and rhythm guitarist. Vicki Peterson was the electric guitarist and her sister Debbi Peterson played the drums. Michael Steele rounded out the band on bass guitar.  Flashy, elegant, and beautiful, these girls were the Bangles. Who is your favorite member of the Bangles? And why do you choose her from the other three? Any stories of meeting the girls or attending their concerts are welcome!
Why do guitarist use power amps live with their heads when sound engineers mic their cabs and keep the volume down anyway?
Toss up between Livin' on a Prayer and Never Say Goodbye...for me :)
I remember that the video was from late 90's or early 2000's and there was a room with a large glass window and girls or people were dragged there and made to dance all together... and they were all matching and it was in a i think green themed room   thanks heaps!
I got mine from a good music store about 2 months ago.  And when I try to use it...nothing happens.   I've read that there is supposed to be a fine dust on the strings and that you need to wipe that strings just a bit after putting it on.    But I can't get anything to go on my strings, and it looks like it has never been touched. Both the strings and the rosin.    I got the type that is a bar and has wood on 3 sides so you can hang onto it.      It is a lovely color of deep honey and see through.  It would make beautiful jewelry....but I would rather make music.       Do I have to heat it up or something? Sure could use some good answers....     thanks
This is probably no where close but i'll give it a shot anyways \"if im your man....\" I know Akon sings the verse so im guessing its his song. you guys have any clue? thanks.
I've heard it will look like the truckster,but in black instead of the primer grey finish of the last few years.
As you may have guessed I am in desperate need of guitar distortion, and I'm recording a demo with my band.
heres a new diss from buck. listen and tell me what you think!!! http://www.defsounds.com/singles/Young_buck_terminate_on_sight_g_unit_diss
i herd this song a few months ago, it has the lyrics in it \"oh, o, oh, o here we go again\" thats all i really remember, it would be really great if you could help me here ps: i think its from the 90s na it was a boy singing but thanks
which are the best songs 4 a pool party with 12 year old? new songs (hip-hop r&b ect..)
I love hip-hop and wanna know if Nas's new album is worth buying i have illmatic and it was written, will the albums be like it? or different but still worth buying?
I just found out that Yahoo Unlimited music store will not be available in Canada anymore.So I'm looking for a music store like Yahoo Unlimited to go,where I can listen to full songs and albums before I purchase them.Can anyone help me?
what are songs that have to do with rough breakups that needed to happen but still hurt you.
I just want unlimited downloads and am sick of i-tunes.  All they want to do is ram some teeny bopper stuff down my throat.
more than the chorus folks come on!!!
I heard it the other day on a repeat of Law and Order CI. It's a female singer. Here's some of the lines:::  \"What's the fun in playing it safe\" \"I'm just a bad girl, that's why we get along\"
Me and my sister love the music and we want 2 know where we can download it. No MP3 websites please. we have an ipod. if any of u guys know any sites where i don't need 2 use a credit card. please answer!!!!  :)
all i  knw is a woman sings it and she is saying i jus want to be free or i just want to be me or i just want you with me or sumthing like that and i think it a rather older song along the 70's 80's maybe  she says the lines above in the chorus of the song i really wanna knw the name of this song  if you knw please let me knw the first person 2 answer with the right answer will get 10 points please do not post (i dont knw)
My name is Tara-Lynn Sharrock. I was involved with Ridgway/Dacy Global Management (as a singer) way back when I was fourteen. I'm twenty-one now, and I'm looking to get in touch with them, so could anyone who has an email address of theirs (as I'm in the states, they're in Australia, and I don't have long distance) provide it to me? I'd be very greatful.   Thanks in advance to those who answer.
I started playing the harmonica when I was eleven, two  years ago. I can't seem to find any good tabs on the internet. I've tried harptabs.com, but sometimes the tabs aren't quite right there. The songs on Jack's Harmonica Page are a little too easy. Where can I find some free harmonica tabs for an intermediate or advanced player?
how many number ones did the beatles have? What where they?
http://youtube.com/watch?v=pYgEQut7qRw I'm 13.
Young Buck talks about how he taped his phone. What happened between these two that 50 cent did this
The song is sang by a man and the music video is set in a swamp.  It was from the past two years, I believe it is more on the sad side but I'm not positive.  I'm sorry I can't think of more details, but it is driving me crazy trying to think of what it is!
What are some good metal songs that are in drop C? I cant play everything like half of Children of bodoms stuff but Im open for their easier songs and other bands> P.S. - I like bands like Bullet for My Valentine, Disturebed, Children of Bodom, and Killswitch Engage o ya if slipknot has something in drop c that would b good too
I just want to know where I can get this song. What CD is it from? Anything would help. The song is on youtube but I need the mp3. I searched everywhere! Can't download it, its hard as hell to find online, etc. It is either a lost song, mixtape song, etc. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8YwfcXNs5fI  listen for yourself and if anyone knows what CD its on or if there is a website or if someone has it and could send it to me I would really appreciate any help. Thanks
I see all the musicians play the instruments and there's the composer, who to me just looks like a guy  waving a small stick. What is his actual purpose to the rest of the orchestra? I'd really like to know. Yeah I meant composer, not conductor, thanks for the correction lol. I mean conductor!!! omg i'm too tired to be writing lol
i heard it on the buzz and at the end  it kept repeating save me from my self save me from my self
so i got concert tickets, but there was only 1 left when i got them so my friend bought a different location but at the sam place. okay so could i say that shes with me would they let her go to where im sitting? is there a security guy on every level of the sleeptrain pavilion??
i wanted to know if clemency means like orgasm or sumthin im 12 so
From 1980 to their retirement in 2005 Alabama was the premier country music band in America. They had 42 number one hits and sold some 70 million records. They opened the door for other bands to form and be successful in country music. Alabama had staying power. They were always \"the people's band.\"  The four members of Alabama stayed together for over 25 years, never once changing personnel. Led by lead singer and rhythm guitarist Randy Owen, the band was made up of Randy's cousins Jeff Cook on electric guitar and fiddle, and Teddy Gentry on bass guitar. Owen, Cook, and Gentry provided exquisite down home harmonies. The band was rounded out by colorful drummer Mark Herndon.  Who is your favorite member of Alabama? Tell us why you like him the most. If you have any stories of meeting the band, please share!
I\u2019ve learned to let go Come on  Here\u2019s a middle finger Coming straight from oca-l-a I appreciate your judgement it\u2019s proved that I can\u2019t trust a word you say those must be some pair of binoculars that you see every move I make so I\u2019ll never be a liar but you\u2019ll always be two-faced
This is such a vague memory....sorry I don't have more specifics.  I'm trying to find the name of a song or the band who did it.  I can somewhat recall the video (I think it's from the past five years or so).  It's a male band but there was a woman (playing piano?) and singing the same refrain over and over -- something about coming home?  The video just shows the band members and the woman sitting, kind of vacantly, in various parts of a house.  It also has stills of different families affected by war.  Thanks!
It is a pop song and it sounds kinda like 80's European pop.  It has like a shooting sound in it made by like a drum machime or something. It sounds like 80's European pop like \"luft balloons\" or something.  It could possibly be hip hop.  Not sure.  The gun sounds are like \"pow pow pow pow\" (even though Im not sure thats what its supposed to sound like).  Its kinda slow.
it sounds like the singer from coldplay but it isnt i dont remeber any lyrics but its a high tone guy singing???? it isnt coldplay tho its a singer whos voice sounds like the lead singer form coldplay? its also pretty old
what note should be played here?it;s from Chopin nocturne in E flat major http://p13.facemm.net/p.aspx?u=v20_p13_p_0807021131241762_0.jpg&click=1
it's hot then it's cold. it's yes than it's no    helllp ! (:
Does Ray Toro really have a son?..  Ive been hearing it everywhere. Just wondering....
Hi and welcome to my little online yahoo! answers show : ) GUESS THOSE LYRICS!! guess the artist and name of somg and you win He drops his suitcase by the door She knows her daddy won't be back anymore She drags her feet across the floor Tryna hold back time to keep him holding on And she says  [Pre Chorus:] Daddy Daddy don't leave I'll do anything to keep you Right here with me Can't you see how much I need you  Daddy Daddy don't leave Mommy's saying things she don't mean She don't know what she's talking about Somebody hear me out  [Chorus:] Father listen Tell him that he's got a home and he don't have to go Father save him I would do anything in return I'll clean my room Try hard in school I'll be good I promise you Father, Father I pray to you  [Verse 2:] Now she hasn't slept in weeks She don't want to close her eyes cause she's scared that he'll leave They tried just about everything It's getting harder now For him to breathe   [
http://youtube.com/watch?v=gHaKv5yeFm8  after this i got no respect for 50. I hope Young Buck could get better financially after this.   What do u guys think about this?
telll meeehh! preferably not welcome home..
I'm really open to anything, my motto is don't judge just listen then judge. Lately though I have been into underground sort of New Wave music.
i have some of the lyrics, but i cant find the song anywhere :S  'and you take my breath away,  like a beautiful summer day it dont matter what we do,  cause im falling in love with you'  id realy like to know the name of this song, so if anyone knows it would be GREATLY appreciated :)
How can the trumpet produce so many notes when it only has 3 pressy things? I don't get it... Do some notes only have to press the buttons halfway or something....?
year is all i want really. I want the whole thing now. that i am curious.
i am going to try out for American Idol and i need help with song choice selection. i am female 17 years old and have a very good range i have sang in choir singing soprano alto and also metzso. could anyone please help me decide what song to sing for American idol tryouts, i need one that will show my range. Thanks
MOP- Jim Jones and Byrd Gang TOS- G-Unit Killer- Tech N9ne  scale of 1-10 and an explanation
Boss ML-2 Metal core pedal  Boss BD-2 Blues Driver  Boss PH-3 Phase shifter  Boss CH-1 Super chorus  Dunlop Crybaby wah
Ive only been playing and taking lessons for about a year....someone give me some good songs I could learn
I want upload songs onto a CD.my dad usually makes them for me,but he's not here right now,and I want some music.
see a man in black makes me wanna get a cadilac throw the top down....  does anyone know the name and who sings it? i know its a girl singer but idk the name
No Air by Jordin Sparks ft. Chris Brown Bleeding Love by Leona Lewis Party People by Fergie ft. Nelly
i've been to so many websites but nomatter where i go, i cant find emo side project's -i've got my heart on my sleeve. i found the lyrics on google but not on limewire not on youtube not on google video.... help?
k\"
The part when the lead singer is singing while the chorus is playing. He's like,\" A While things have changed for me come on little darling.........\" What is that part of the song?
Im a singer and Im really interested in writing a song about  fitting in with everyone else but not and wanting people to accept me for who i am... does anyone have any lyric ideas?!?!?      PLEASE HELP!
tis ment to be a semi funny song about feeling disconnected from the world \"klattuu barraddaa\" is what the alien says in the earth stood still, honest opinions guys i wont mind i only really wrote this cause i drank too much coffee  \"aliens, your all bloody aliens\"  theres strange craft at whitehall aliens in the house of lords theres crop circles in hyde park and a martian at my door  theres a green man in the white house the CIA have tentacles and is elvis is running the BBC or is it just me is it just me  klatuu barraddaa klatuu barraddaa im sending out my s.o.s across the universe is anyone receiving do you read me captain kirk this is my transmission from the planet earth i wont be beaming in today i dont feel fit to work it started off like that but im playing it kind of like across the universe by the beatles
It kind of sounds like it would belong in that alternative category.
It goes like this.  \"Crazzyy should be easy to say, but you phase me, so here i dedicate, hey yo check how this song goes, aint no better way to show i'm falling for you, turn up the radio-o-o been searching high and low, for a way to let you know its playing on the radiooo.\" & The very beginning goes like this \"I've been tryi8ng to tell ya, but i couldnt find the right way,______ cant wait another day. Heart beats harder, cant let the moment slip away, __standing in the middle__how do you say its...__\" I got some of the words right i think. When i put ___ That means i skipped a line or a couple words cause i dont know it. I hear it on the radio alot, so it should be quite popular. Please help.  thanks.  xo, Sabrinah,.
Don't tell me ITunes. PLEASE.
my fav song is closer! i luv dat song idk bout u. wats ur fav song u luv? my favv song is closer and i kissed a girl! i luvv dat song! wats ur fav son or 1 u luvv??! =D
I love them both, he's a better acoustic player, but there's no fluff in his electric playing...  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k0t0EW6z8a0  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxSJAbeXEek
star if you hate the song
it should be right above the note,please see the pic(from Chopin nocturne E flat major) http://p13.facemm.net/p.aspx?u=v20_p13_p_0807021122356296_0.jpg
I dont know any of the lyrics really. But its talking about how im not a super hero i think one part says \"im not a super hero\" acctually :P it reminds of the song Im just a kid. If you have any other inforamtion, or the title that would be great, i reallly want to listen to it Thanks!!!!
The song Should've said no by Taylor Swift is PERFECT for me and my ex. anyone got another song that is like this one? here is the link incase you dont know the song.  http://youtube.com/watch?v=ndtbnaMffOA
I love this song from the movie Forrest Gump, but I don't think it is in the movie at all and it's not on either of the two soundtracks. You can watch/listen here. The most prominent and clearest part of the song occurs around 3:00. http://youtube.com/watch?v=JdsMqRaz2WY
Here's the link to see the nominees accompanied with the song:  http://www.mtv.com/overdrive/?id=1588375&vid=237148
It's upbeat and sung by a female.  In the middle of the song girls yell \"hit 1, hit 2, hit 3, hit 4\" and ends with \"see ya later\".  I know its kinda vague but any suggestion helps.    Thanks.
detailed instructions please
if someone could help me figure out the meaning of maybe each sentence? please? Thanks =)  There's a war going on for your mind Media mavens mount surgical strikes from trapper keeper collages and online magazine racks Cover girl cutouts throw up pop-up ads Infecting victims with silicone shrapnel Worldwide passenger pigeons deploy paratroopers Now it's raining pornography Lovers take shelter Post-production debutantes pursue you in nascar chariots They construct ransom letters from biblical passages and bleed mascara into holy water supplies  There's a war going on for your mind Industry insiders slang test tube babies to corporate crackheads They flash logos and blast ghettos Their embroidered neckties say \"stop snitchin'\" Conscious rappers and whistleblowers get stitches made of acupuncture needles and marionette strings  There is a war going on for your mind Professional wrestlers and vice presidents want you to believe them The desert sky is their bluescreen They superimpose explo
It sounds like boobies and all my friends say it is but on the lyrics it actually does say groupies. What do you guys think?
I want to be a rapper, but I would prefer doing innocent type rap music for Disney. I love the way the Disney channel and the Disney channel stars are so happy, and the people that do music for Disney like the Jonas Brothers, Miley Cyrus, and other people  are just people who love their craft and are doing what they love. That is what I want to do. Do you think Disney would accept a good hearted rapper that does the same thing? I think teens would love a rap star for Disney. What do yall think?
the newest single of their self-titled ablum is called oxford comma. wtf is that? and wtf is this song about!!!? lol i love this song-it's extremely catchy, but i have no idea what it means! :D thanks 4 helping! ;D
When theyre in the museum of art and cameron is looking at the picture whats the song playing?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GdjimtKcMM4
lyrics \"i never wanna come back from this world from this world ive seen things.... i never seen before\"  -its kinda fast and slow. it sounds like a rockband, but its more laidback its not a fast song....its like bob marleys jammin song, not too fast or slow.
it was a weird song it was in a hospital or institution with monkeys or apes going crazy the apes i think had human faces it used to frighten me and im trying to find the name of the song to watch it again  thanks
Mine is... Tony Terry's-- With You.  You can check this great song out on YouTube if you have never heard it.
I remember hearing this song when I was little...it starts offf with a violin  playing like a repedative sound, and then the guy starts like singing/talking in a low voice that reminds me of David Usher..Can anyone help?
i saw a video on http://mudflowband.blogspot.com and may i know the title of the song and the name who sang that song..
they say \"fire\"and\"\"higher\" in it alot
Ok I don't really know much about this guitar except it is an epiphone. On the sticker it says:  Style_________________ Epiphone 6732 No 99520  The style is blank. Can you tell me anything else about this guitar? Is it any good? How old is it? Is there a style name?  THANKS!!!!
http://tabnabber.com/view_Tab.asp?tabID=1970&sArtist=My+Chemical+Romance&sName=Demolition+Lovers ive been trying to play this song FOREVER. but i just cant understand tabs!! can someone PLEASE convert it to music notes?? thank you. :]
rick ross vs fat joe lil wayne vs jay z  50 cent vs nas
my brother showed me this video off you tube and the video was kind of cool but i really want to know the name of the song used in it  here is the link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGCew48tbnU&feature=related
it sounds like them, but i know there is another band that sounds just like them too so i was just curious.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EgA9FtwSCIA
I recently visited Cancun, Mexico (very nice trip, btw) and when I hung out by the pool they would play music and I really liked these two (I think Mexican) songs. I know some lyrics but not enough and I can't figure them out... I want to so bad though because they're catchy and I just really liked them. :) Anyone think they might know them?  Lyrics that I know: 1st - \"Si, Si, Si, no, no, no\" 2nd - \"To the left, left, left\" & \"To the right, right, right\" & \"Shake it, shake it, shake it.\"  The main problem is that the lyrics that I remembered don't really help because so many songs have those lyrics in them. & I already tried my best to search them up on the net.  Please help. :/
what is the best version of \"A Milli\" like are there any remixes that are better than the original?
hi i need some good trance songs that sound amazing.. something of this resort:  Feel so Good - Abject http://youtube.com/watch?v=EY6sxgyC1tU  Number One - Max Farenthide - http://youtube.com/watch?v=o2KoUkSVzKs  Russian Privjet - Basshunter http://youtube.com/watch?v=CpQhrZnwrqM  etc  so pretty much anything that will sound like that   THANKS for any help orr any trance song that will sound nice in a car with bass
Hey,    I own the Video Game The Hobbit, and I loved the music that came with it. I got the Video Game Soundtrack and I play Guitar, so I was wondering if anyone knows the guitar chords to the music on the soundtrack.   I will accept:  A site that has the chords  If You have the Chords, if you'd be kind to e-mail them to me  cowbell4240man@yahoo.com  Or any other way I could get the Chords.  Please help me if you can.
well does anyone have all his songs?? on mp3??? well i dont hav any money on my itunes account right now..so i can't buy em...can someone send em to me?     i have...  1.love ballad 2.bo fo sho 3.my little secret 4. my whole family 5.rehab for fictional characters 6.3.14 apple pie 7.my better half 8 klan cookout   can anyone send me the new ones? or other ones i dont have? ...answer this w/ a yes if u can..or..email me...or..whatever...please:D and thanks   :)? ... and i wanna put em on my ipod.....so i can't just listen to em on youtube:(
Ever Ever After by Carrie Underwood single? Other than limewire, itunes, or,  rhapsody
in the intro, i guess three or four lines in. Does anyone know what Beckett (or someone) is whispering? Not the \"stay tuned for what happens next\" but the background whispering?  I tried finding it. 1) couldnt find it 2) Im entirely too lazy to continue looking
 Crap like souja boy will hurt hip hop more than help he was right about that.
i liked real big fish and cobra starship  but what were some good small local bands
(chorus) you are the one that i need in my life there's something about you that is one of a kind i just wish that some day you'll be mine cause i need a girl just like you {x2}  siento que me muero cuando tu nos stas yo no quiero setir me asi no mas mas dime que que stoy asiendo mal mal  tell me what you gonna do  im still waiting for you dime que vas aser yo stoy aqui esperandote.........  *  its reggea spanish english  *http://profile.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=user.viewprofile&friendid=335487571  its the first song on the page above juss click on it
I am involved in a band and we are going to do these songs and i really need these tabs SOON because we preform on Friday. I dont have enough time to translate from the song myself because of my job! So if you could please help I would really like that.
- i want the genre either: metal, rock, or screamo.  im not sad, so i dont think the song should sound sad.  if that makes sense...
its by san quinn and other artists. u kno the one. can't find it on iTunes tho.
it's a really funny song, but i don't know who sings it.
okay im looking for the song from alvin and the chipmunks called \"Abyss of Death\" (thats the name ive been told) ive tried youtube and google and limewire...has anyone found a download for it? or is it even a full track? the lyrics to the song from the movie (this is the part where Dave plays the song at Jett Records in the begining)  My sweet love If you died tonight Id wait on the other side to pull you through the abyss of death and no more signs across these faded lines...
I was just curious if you could do that by swapping specific things out.
Ok sooo..... im learning to play piano at this music camp, and they are making each of us write a song that will go on the camp website and a CD. I cant think of a subject to write about. If you give me a subject can you also please give me one line of what you would write about that subject. I think of someone could just get me started i could definatly get a great song out of it!!!!
now THAT person IS the blues. Who would it be?
rock/pop it is bye ac/dc fireworks say it on the front
Can somebody find me the Jonas Brothers Burnin' Up Music Video that is NOT on youtube?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4wcO_LHHgBE&feature=related  The first song that comes on. Thanks!!
I heard this song a few nights ago on our local alternative station. I caught the end of it and the guy singing had a higher sort of voice, not grizzly at all. Sort of like Evans Blue but I'm pretty sure it wasn't them. I didn't catch many lyrics because it was the end of the song but I know I caught the word \"sweet\" several times. Anyone have any ideas? Yeah....no. Think of the guy from Tool or Evans Blue.  Thats the way his voice was. and the word sweet wasnt attached to any other words.
im a upcoming dj  but i want to help one of my friends out with rapping so i wanted to know what's a good microphone that's cheap in price but that has a good quality
Ferde Grofe(1892-1972), is not a very well-known American composer.       If you are familiar with him and his works/life, care to share your knowledge about, and assessment of his contributions with us?       If not familiar, is there any particular question you would like to ask of others about him?                                                Thanks,                                                      Alberich
I was feeling sad and stuff so I wanted to write my first song. Here's all I got so far...  Destroyed A deep pain, right here in my heart A piece that\u2019s just too hard to complete... Mmmm... Destroyed A painful loss that\u2019s deep within A wound that just cannot heal Oh!   lol.. I just wrote that part this morning then I stoped to have a break. After that I felt better, I wasn't sad anymore. Now I can't really think what I was feeling this morning. But anyways... How is good for my first try?
that plays at the end of the commercials for Secret Life of the American Teenager?
My favorite wins ten pts.
it went something like this \"We'll take the long run...\"
i listen to pretty much anything. right now im kind of into older music or songs that sound older. it can be any type of music rock  hip-hop grunge  alt anything  right now i really like Nirvana, Janis joplin, Rehab, Johnny cash, The Beatles, theory of a deadman, puddle of mud, etc.
I know almost every person who likes to listen to techno music is familiar with one of the most popular songs ever played which is Sandstorm by Darude...  BUT!!!!.... I heard this one song at a club and on the radio, and it's a mix of Sandstorm  with a little girl and boy voice...i have no idea what they are saying, but i know for sure that was played with the sandstorm song. I think the kids were singing in a different language...please help.... i think the kids go like this
What is the song on the guitar hero on tour commercial where the hamster says go forth and rock at the end.
The songs name is Cant drown a fish  The artist is Awol One  This is one of the most hardest song to find for me If you know any web sites that has this song please feel free to post it.
SOUNDS LIKE ELECTRO MUSIC SHE MENTIONS \"LOVE\" IN HER SONG.HER VOICE IS VERY GRACEFUL AND SOFT.NICE BEAT.MUST BE A NEW SONG HEARD IT LAST MONTH.
In the music video, he is the african american man who comes in at the end and starts singing near the end.  None of the lyrics sites include what he's saying.  I think at one point he says \"stop drop and roll\" or something. Please tell me!
i need a chord,that might go after a C and that would sound a little \"low\"
...IT IS Salt 'n' Pepa from 1987. \"Ooo baby, baby, push it, push it reeeeal good!\" \"PUSH IT Remix\" 1987
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1dhklmF38fI  Here is the video.  I was wondering if anybody knew what the song that is played is called.  It sounds so epic, lol.
Mine is Spring Nicht... what is yours?
I Just Got A New IPOD & I Dont Have Many Songs & I'm Into Screamo =D I Want Title & Artist =)
and its instruments are guitars and its kind of an emo song probably in the genre of pop or alternative rock.. thanks for answering
If I recall correctly, it was about meeting and falling in love a girl named mary on a ferris wheel?  help!  Anyone?  I know I am not giving you much to go on . . . Thanks for the suggestions, livinlife and \"mom\" 2 6, unfortunately, it is not Anything But Mine or That Day That She Left Tulsa.  Those were two that I came up when I was searching, though.  It is more like a boy and girl that meet on a ferris wheel and fall in love.
just do it    ='[  yeah...thanks
I'm a supervisor and I make the schedule, but would it be kinda selfish of me to take those days just to see a band I absolutely adore?  What should I do?  August is like right around the corner and its too late to put in vacation time for it!!!
Can you post the lyrics. Thaaanks!
I Just Got A New IPOD & I Dont Have Many Songs & I'm Into Techno =D I Want The Title & Artist Please  =)
It's like it never existed in itunes.
It needs to be a a song where theres a person singing and playing the acoustic guitar and someone else raps.
it's a very big venue with assigned floor seating.  Not sure what time to get there.
who won? kristy or bo??!?!!
It plays during the movie when not sure just gets out of frido's house and he looks at his surroundings. i think it is in the album caled busca oro but i cant find a link on youtube or enywere else to listen to it free.
does anyone know who sings a song that starts like this\"i got you letter from the postman just the other day\" that's all i know. i hope somebody can help. thank you.
its sounds like and 80s song...i heard it at the juicy couture store today...i really want to find it!
i need to know the name of the four band members in metro station
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gV5iQJLpVnM guitarrepair86 -  I've listened to it and I loved it!
Star if you hate the \"band\"
i think the lyrics were \"this is just like love she said\" and i think the band was called \"winter's hour\" but  i can't find it anywhere
its sounds like and 80s song... the lyrics \"dont let it go...dont let it hide\" i sound like and 80s song. i heard it today at juicy couture.
Give either the title or a line in a song with a girl's name.
He saw a lonely girl. She saw a lonely world. It was a canvas, slyly careless. A florestan lieder.  And his was a dying breed. Courage came only from his symphonies. A decorative smile to fade out. His concerto in A  Come on. A second chance at love. The moments dead. Make you feel like it's never staying.  Made love to a baby grand. A tempest refined inside his hands. He had one girl, and one song. Bone fide wine and roulade.  But he had to give it up. His heart was raw. But his fingers numb. His first words were his last words. An aesthete since first sun.  Come on. A second chance at love. The moments slept. Make you feel like it's never staying.  It burned. The first attempt or two. But I remembered you. I need that moment back.  Please don't, don't don't. A tremor for death. Ivories that sliced sedatives in half. Releif in the Rhine. Washed away regrets. And let him char before he carressed the ground.  Dear artist you will rise again. A last arabesque in faint fashion.  Come on.
I wish I had more to offer, but this is all I have: * The band (or singer) sounds like Blues Traveler, or someone similar; *The only line I can recall is from the chorus and is along the lines of \"Don't you know the road that you're on....(there's more to that line, I just can't remember it) *The song is a little up-tempo.  Any help would be appreciated. It's been driving me nuts for a week now, and I've gotten nowhere doing lyrics searches. It's definitely NOT an Eagles song
What are your three favorite albums and what were your three favorite guest apprences?  Albums: 1. The Lost Tapes - Nas 2. DJ Jazzy Jeff - The Return of the Magnifecent 3. Ghetto Fabolous - Fabolous  Guest Apperences: 1. Fat Joe in Twinz - Big Pun 2. Dice Raw in Get Busy - The Roots 3. Jaz-O in Nigga What Nigga Who - Jay-Z  Last question for an hour but yeah I survived the prom but i have no answers left and this is my last question so here it goes. btw for anyone that heard the song Gangster, Gangster - Styles P don't you think that the song was great but the hook needed to be tweeked a bit.
I'm just plain sick of the same old stuff just being re-worded, re-written, and just sung by different people. I want to listen to just the music, no singing, vocals, gutterals, w/e. Just music. Any good instrumental bands to listen too? Plz help!!!
I need 21 people to join so that I can win a free i mac. This is an easy 10 points for you. I will give best answer to the first person to sign up. Here is the site. http://www.freeimacoffer.com/default.aspx?r=1152439
I am bored, and I need to know good songs.  I want temporary songs please, like 2007-2008
What rapper would you like to see as president or would you like to see run for president and why.
It is by a female artist and the only lines I can think of are: \"How've you been\" \"I need an answer, are you in love\"  Its a sad slow acoustic song, during the last verse, she mentions that she gets a late phone call from her ex. Some one please help me out here, I can't find it anywhere.
It's about the bay area  I think it's by Mac Dre i only heard it once, and at one part he mentions all the sports teams in northern california (giants, a's, warriors, kings, niners, raiders, sharks)
can anyone tell me the lyrics to Starlit Skylight by Summit Grove? my friend needs them. please and thankk you!
 for free preferably
I'm creating a media presentation for a male family member's 21st birthday. I am stuck for what songs to use. The DVD will be divided into the following sections, Baby section/Young childhood. Teenage Years. Friends. Silly Photos and Family photos. I was looking at using a different song for each section. Any ideas on what songs I could use? Thanks in advance.
I know Taylor Swift has a new song called I'd Lie and it is not on her cd or on iTunes so Where can you get it? Does she have a new cd coming out???
all i know is that it goes; dum dum dee dum dum dum dee dum dum, dum dum dee dum dum dum dee dum dum.  hahah, i doubt thats helpfulll.. but if you know a song that goes like that pppppplease let me know.  haha i dont know where i heard it, and all i heard was that part ^^ no words =( its not im blue by eifel 65;  but thats a good song too =)
Recently finding myself really enjoying the type of music SRV plays.  I'd like to find more that is similar that maybe I haven't heard of yet.  And yes, I've got all of Hendrix's music already ;)
he was on top of that thing, with that top hat on. it was the very first song, and the backround people were moving in slow motion.
I am trying to learn a song..to sing in praise team at church...I don't want to sing off key.  I am really trying to teach myself, since we really wont meet again till Sunday... does it usually take a lot of practice?  do I need to listen to over and over?? this is the first time for me..but I like singing..I used to sing karaoke all the time..this is different though cuz we have to harmonize....I am singing alto part..there are only a couple of us... i can email it to anyone who is interested....its above all
(Country music reminds me of cattle with fast metabolisms, for some reason. Oh, but no, I'm NOT calling YOU that either way, just because I said this!)  :)   Hey, come back later to see my responses to yours, okay? (Oh, by the way, guys, I don't just mean only if listening to that music while pooping, but listening to that generally more often.) John W., thanks for your answer, but I think you misunderstood the question. You didn't read it very well. I didn't ask women how good or big their poopers are. I asked them how much better poopers THEY ARE if they usually listen to country music, than if they listen to other music.   Hey, \"Bad Company,\" thanks for sharing your example, even though it's not related to country music. That's okay, still, because I still enjoyed hearing about it!  :)  Oh, and I also enjoyed your favorite choice of beef cut to be. Heheh, that's amusing!  Thanks! P.S. Yeah, truthfully, I'm not a big country music fan (although I did still happen to somewhat enjoy the country music concert held at Utah Valley State College as it would become Utah Valley University a day later--where they had Josh Gracin, Collin Raye, and Joe Nichols). But I'm still plenty regular!  :)
at the end of the with love music video by hilary duff it says to be continued is there a continued thing? why does everyone on here have to be so sarcastis and evil and why don't you guys all wtf yourselves! But the third answer was not bad. Thanks.
How many average songs would fit in a 45 RPM LP? Were they only used for singles? Or would a normal 10 song album fit in it? Thanks.
ok i heard this song today.   it was rock.  i think it is new.   and here are some of the lyrics.  belive in me  life is made for making dreams.   rock and a guy singing.   thanks.   10 points best answer! thank you soo much you get best answer.
can someone write a song for me?  Topics -Love -Heartbreak -Death -Loneliness  email me at aqua_pearlz31@yahoo.com and I will give you further details. PLZ PLZ HELP!!!
Do you know of any good music camps in or near Ohio? I'm looking for one, but I cant seem to find one. Thanks!
i heard this song on americas got talent and i wanna download it. i only heard a few phrases 123 ... so fine, gonna make you mine..
It was a song probably in the early to `mid 90s...Its not Salt N Pepa, Garbage, Corbin Bleu, Kids with Guns, Jump In, or Rick Ross. It was a catchy beat- just a guy singing very low for a few lines and the girls are in the background louder saying \"push it push it\". It's more R&B / rap related--so no rock answers please. PLEASE HELP ME OUT :-)!!
Hello, I'm looking for albums  of pop or rock hits  but in jazz or swing versions. I already have 1 album from a band called \"Berk and The Virtual Band\" which has songs like YMCA or  Billy Jean in Jazz versions, so which other albums can you sujest me ?
Who sings this song \"hit me on my myspace, come over to my place, wanna see ya pretty face, girl want you give me a taste of you, girl want you give me a taste of you. x2.  A man sings it! But I can not figure out who sings it! Plzzzz Help me.
They were all young, and the music video showed them at a bar having fun. At one point all of them are sitting on the bar and the youngest falls off. I know its not rascal flatts like everyone keeps telling. Any help would be greatly appreciated...its been bugging me for almost a yr now.
its nt by christina agulara and its a guys voice. i thot the song wud be called save me from myself because they say it several times. i cant understand him real good. one part he says sing me one more song. its nt a slow love song tho
where i can i download the dj sammy remix of heaven 911 for free? i would like to put it on a cd, but i dont know where to find it...please help1
On Tha Carter III 2 disc edition, the songs Mrs. Officer, Let the Beat Build, and Playing With Fire, are not on it.  But, they are on the single disc edition.  Are those songs good? KSE007  But it doesn't say those three on the back of the case.
Anyone else think that video is kinda creepy?  And, who else is in this song? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HgjA5NLFjKM R.I.P CaPut account  hahaha
yeah busta rhyme has been in the game for a while but for whoever said he could even hang with lil wayne in a free style battel must be on drugs. lil wayne has way more experience coming from off the dome. if buster even atempted to even try to battle wayne in a battle no only would he lose but he would look really foolish. i admit busta can rap but he needs a pad and a pen as with lil wayne his pad and pen is coming off the dome . the reason he is considered the all time best rapper lil wayne doesnt need mix tapes to come off the dome. i said busta use to be hot in the rap game but he has not originality when you are comparing him to a legend like lil wayne . lil wayne is just to experienced at punch lines without a pad coming off the dome and i dont just mean mix tapes .doesnt take a rocket scientist to figure out why he is so hot and he is being considered the greatest rapper of all time . im sorry but busta hasnt proven anything . he can rap but you would have to be on drugs to even think busta can even be in the same category as wayne as legends let alone even put his name next to his . are you kidding me he cant be calling himself the best ? weezy is a lyrical genius that makes a living off of making albums from off his dome while other people write it down for him . if your going to call the ghost writing i guess that a compliment . meaning he doesnt need a pen and a pad and the words just flow on the paper so that ghost? you basically complimented weezy and dont even know it . you never hear about people saying busta would even come close to weezy let alone busta even saying it himself . all you hear is lil wayne is the best until you come on here then you have haters who deny what a true mc is . busta hasnt proven nothing in his career and you will never hear his name when it comes to the best rappers let alone a true freestyler like weezy . william thanks for the verse you always have haters. when jayz was running things there was haters,when pac ,and biggie was around it was haters now its weezy i never said that lil wayne never writes his rhymes at all . but as far as freestyling and coming from off the dome he does it about 90% of the time . even kanye said when he worked with him in the studio he is impressed and believe hes the best . i complimented busta and said he can rap but we are talking about rappers who are consideredthe greatest . and im the only person who ever said he was the greatest are you kidding me ? you have rappers like kanye complimenting him you have article about him being the best . but why are we jumping off to other rappers and about comments how im the only person who said hes the best ? this topic was basically toward a previous poster who said that busta rhymes could hang with wayne . yeah you hear busta was a good rapper but he never made the impact a weezy,busta,jayz,pac,or biggie did on hiphop plus hes very creative with his rhymes . i give busta his props as a good rappers but hes not made of a legend like weezy or the other rappe i named
?????
I know some artists that have great songs of this genre, but I need to know what songs to download specifically. I am making a mix for my friend. She is a very upbeat person, so she loves this kind of upbeat music. Like the kind you hear at clubs. No hip hop, no happy hardcore or crazy techno, just the good house and electronica music (even maybe some good trance would be nice!!)  If someone reccomends me a bunch of songs, (specifically songs, not just the artist) I will ever be so grateful, and the 10 points will go to you!!!
kathy perry or yea yea yeahs
Thanks for your help!!! =]
I got an iTunes giftcard and I need some song suggestions. I already bought about 5. I like Green Day, Evanescence, Avenged Sevenfold, Dashboard Confessional, Taking Back Sunday, Queen, The Pink Spiders, Within Temptation, etc, so something sorta similar. Thanks! Haha I'm out of money =[ Thanks for your suggestions, I got 2 songs by Innerpartysystem and 1 or 2 Bullet for my Valentine songs! Oh but keep answering, please. I'll keep them for the next giftcard I get. Haha
PLEASE HELP!!!!! i need help writing songs so is there any song writers here on yahoo for FREE that can just message me lyrics
some good new Alternative bands that i should listen too.
I really like Matisyahu. I went to his concert and bought his CD immediately following. I have a feeling that I really like Reggae in general. -- I'm having a hard time finding some good reggae artists in itunes.  Any suggestions?
list the top 3 of your all time favorite songs!
type 7thmage in a youtube search and click on 10priest
i want that new kid rock song thats like sweet home alabama and werewolves of london and talk about summer  i cant find it on itunes
What are some sad songs? I mean like you know songs that really get you in the mood. I'm a teen going traveling tommorow. So I have to sit in a car for 13 hours and I love sad songs. I don't mean sad like pain sad, but I just LOVE the soft beat of those songs.  For instance:  Home - Chris Daughtry Bad Day - Daniel Powter  And what about hiphop/upbeat songs, but not like those songs that get you hiped up! Songs like:  Good Day - Nappy Roots  I'm more of a sad song type girl, but once in awhile I like to have a little faster beat (ONCE and awhile). Thanks!
when sebastian bach got eliminated from celebrity rap superstar ll cool j said they were making a cd
1)Stress Rap---http://youtube.com/watch?v=ArfXkHtRY64  2)F-word--http://youtube.com/watch?v=kj2vqIT0F5k  3)Vein--http://youtube.com/watch?v=ZclcKd-8xTM  The beats are insane...Especially the 'f-word'....They kill 'Stress rap' for sure...And the 'Vein' is just sick..  Whats your faves off the album and why??
i need a song about liking a girl, but these feelings just recently started, so not in love, just liking her. preferably acoutic. thanks.
i have looked all over and i couldnt find it
I heard this jam on sirius radio hard attack today around like 6:30pm or somethin like that but it goes like this:  Get the f*** out Shut the f*** out  i cant remember if it goes in that order but those are the only lyrics i remember oh crap i meant  get the f*** out shut the f*** up BY THE WAY, THIS IS BY A REALLY HEAVY BAND!! ONE THAT SCREAMS!!
this song, its country i believe like a duet talking about how they miss eachother & love eachother. i think one is talking about being in a hotel and another about being on a rode? please help
In the new commercial for subway?
I know alot  of good songs but I want to know more from you guys please feel free to post any songs you like. :D
it says like cozey bedding, somthin breakfast and like the words are on the bottom left corner of the screen?
the lyrics to be here by sparky's flaw... cuz i looked everywhere n i can't find em.  n btw, do u kno any like depressing songs? cuz idk i like to write them down.
Can ya tell me how did my remake of \"Crank That\" came out?  http://youtube.com/watch?v=UvpMNMLoWjw  The intro is kinda whatever but wait until the chorus kicks in,  Q: Whos your favorite Underground Rapper? Lol nah i was bored i felt like remakin it but i added more stuff into it  it took me only 30 minutes or less lol i;ll sample more stuff later on tomorrow   plus i ahve fruity loops 5
just a song that fits me! i love hollister, love orange, the beach and shopping. any good suggestions???  my music interests: pretty much everything...so if you can send me some type of info like a video of the song from like youtube.com or what the song is called and who it's from. thank you so much! [[: have a great day.
Okay, so I was watching TV, and I saw the new Rhapsody Mp3 Store commercial. The one where there's balloons everywhere? Well anyway, it sounds electronic, but it has no words. It's instrumental. I need to know what this song is called. PLEASE.
I just remember it was something about falling in love. Thanks! I'm pretty sure it wasn't \"Courage Is.\" The song was too happy to be that song
Do you prefer:  Foo Fighters or The Offspring?  AC/DC or Queen  Metallica or Nirvana  Pearl Jam or Guns N Roses  Coldplay or Oasis  Completely random .. I'm just a little bored! Sprg Canandoes\u2122 - I just meant its random coz its completely pointless!! lol
I don't remember whether it was a movie or a dream.... but it's been driving me crazy for 2 weeks! PLEASE ANSWER!
My friend of mine, who yes is a guy, sent me this song and it was Lifehouse's 'From Where You Are'. Now, I want to send a song back too, but don't know what one, and I'd like a song that doesn't have anything dealing with like love. Or is it does, it's little with no hint of 'wanting a relationship'.  Any ideas?
check out my band and tell me what you think????  www.myspace.com/spkrphne
Partial clip from their gig at Glastonbury Festival (last weekend ; 28th June) 2008:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aw_XyviZRoM  More to come, we hope!
i need help to find lyrics for  the band is call NEW LONDON FIRE and the song is named DIFFERENT  thank you so much
my account was suspended...2 minutes ago...don't add this one it's just a temp...I'll be back tomorrow  have great evening Rap & Hip Hop regs =[ yeah...I guess...I'll appeal I shoulda listened but I'm not a big fan of multiple accounts Y!A kicks me when I'm down...I lost my TC badge this week too...F*CK Y!A
They looked somewhat like the Dramatic Chipmunk and that's who I thought the Weezer video was referencing, but I was incorrect.  Thanks.
okay i reallyyyy liked the song when Ben and Amy were dancing all alone in the middle of the dance floor near the end of the 1st episode, does anyone know what it is? please and thank you!
HEY IM LOOKING FOR THE SONG THAT GOES ' ROUND AND ROUND YOU GO' I HEARD IT ON THE SHOW JACKASS PLEASE  HELP!
I was calling to verify my order for a camera, and the hold music was playing a country song I really liked.   The stupid cell phone signal was low, so I couldn't get the lyrics clear enough.  All I remember is this:  \"....all I see.\" ------\"your happiness -static sound- raining on meeee\"  Now, I THINK he said \"purple rain is gone\"  Sorry for being so vague.  Thanks Sorry, not it. It's more of a sad song, with a really catchy chorus Nope, not She's My Kinda Rain. Sounds close though. Only missing is the \"happiness\" included in the lyrics.   Nice try though.
There are three versions at Best Buy.  1) 2-Disc CD.  The first CD has 13 songs.  The Bonus CD has 5 songs that were leaked. 2) Single disc version. 16 songs 3) Single disc version 13 songs  Also, what are the 3 Bonus tracks inside the case?  Are any of the \"leaked\" songs on the radio?  Whick version should I get?
first off, Its not \"I believe I can fly\" by r kelly  but something similar.  a rock song, by a male artist, kinda famous(idk who)  heard it on da radio  goes something like: \"aint no .........(dont know the words)......... up hiiiiiiiiiigh...into the skyyyyyy......i believe\"  please give me ANY song that came to your head. AND I MEAN ANY SONG THAT U CAN THINK OF!!!
it goes ............ ahh ah ah ahhhh wanna go into my bed something like that and the bass sounds like it rattling some metel well it a male its a male  its a today song like on rap stations and stuff and it goes shawty so good
ive googled it with no luck, its and alt rock band btw
There is a fast classical song that sounds like the beginning music of bittersweet symphony. It has been played in cartoons I believe. Does anyone know this piece?
so, music help, please? :) I want some songs that pumps  you up, like music you listen to  when you exercise. No rap or  R & B or metal, unless you think that it's so good that I have to  listen to it. thank you! :D I already know happy hardcore,  & they're good :) no top 40's, please! of course, unless it's really good :)
I know there are various ways, but which is the most inexpensive. The room I would be soundproofing is on the second floor, overlooking the street. It isn't too large, but enough for a simple drum kit, room for bass player, room for guitarist, and a bed. I'd be willing to spend 100-200 dollars, but my budget doesn't fit in anything more expensive. What is the best way to a) block sound from leaving the room b) reduce outside noise and c) lower overall noise volume within the room itself. Thanks!
whats the song that goes you are the one the one that lies close to me whisperes so.......... somthin somthin or other
This song is several years old.  I don't know the name of it, but I think 50 Cent is in it.  Does anyone know the name of it?
It's just called \"Volar\". Not \"Ven A Volar\" or \"A Volar\". And I'm talking about the new Menudo with Chris Moy, Monti Montanez, Carlos Olivero, Emmanuel Pagan, and Jose B. Collazo. I meant to download it too, not just find it and listen to it online.
for about a month now i've been trying to find out when girlicious's cd came out so like if anyone knows could you plz let me know?
You can scream and say \"I hate you\" You can slam the door I walk through It doesn't matter, woah No, 'cause we are in love  It goes something like that.. I saw it on the premiere of the \"Secret Life of the American Teenager\" during the school dance. It was kind of techno and it had a fast beat.   Someone help please?
i heard this song from a music profile its called im sorry but i wanna know who sings it. i love this song i wanna get it on my ipod but i cant find it in limewire.so can someone please tell me who sings the songs. heres the link to the profile its the last one that says im sorry thankz. http://profile.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=user.viewprofile&friendid=210982783
It is an older song just to let ya know......
Modern Stuff: The Academy Is... AFI Against Me Armour For Sleep Aqualung Boys Like Girls Cobra Starship Fall Out Boy Family Force 5 Fiction Plane Flyleaf Foo Fighters Go Crash Audio Hedley The Hush Sound Jack's Mannequin Jimmy Eat World The Killers The Kills Metric Metro Station  Murder City Sparrows Oasis The Raveonettes  A Rocket To The Moon Rooney Scary Kids Scaring Kids Shiny Toy Guns Silverstein The Sounds Steriogram The Strokes Vampire Weekend The Wombats Young Love  Classic Rock: Death from Above (classic? idk???) Led Zepplin Michael Jackson (not rock, but whatever i like some of his stuff! haha) Weezer (again.. are they classic rock??) AC/DC The Animals The Beatles Boston Heart Metallica The Who   Soo those are all the bands i like, IN ALPHABETICAL ORDER hahaa yeah   Can you suggest some bands/songs that have the same sort of sound as the ones i listed?   Thanks! --Ellz  If you don't like my taste in music, give your fingers a break because I DONT CARE!
The only time in history when rock and rap were enjoyed by blacks and whites in large numbers is during the Monterary Pop Festival Era. In other words kids, the 1960s. Back then, you had blacks and whites that both enjoyed many different genres of music. But at the same time. Both races very much misunderstood each other.  I think this is a prime example of history repeating itself, but not as violent and ignorant as it was back then. But now during the internet age, cultural differences are more exposed and have helped to desegregate music more than ever before. The only problem is that most new artists don't have a clue of what they are dong, and that goes for both rap and rock.  In other words, some (not all) people that criticize rap or rock are going back into the ignorant naive way of thinking about music genres in general. These types of people do not move ahead, but focus on the stereotypes of those genres, and the things that they only play on the radio.  Agreed?
a male R&B artist from the 90s that had a one hit with the lyrics, the way you walk, the way you talk, the way you say my name, your smile, the way you move me, the way you grove, when I look in your eyes, I realize, I just want to be with you
i need an mp3 of chester see's song beautiful!  it is of great importance!  PLEASE HELP ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
certain words in the song are [i ain't hurting nobody, i ain't hurting no one
ok this will probably be a dumb question, and i know the answer i am looking for is right in front of my eyes im just not seeing it. I kno that scale are what all riffs, chords, and songs are made of , but i just cant see how people are getting these riffs out of a scale. I guess the right question would be \"How do I create a riff from a scale? \"
i work in the mall at a clothing store called express. I keep hearing this song that i love but i cant find it. In the chorus it goes  \" If i had to love you\" i just cant remember the rest! it sounds kinda reggaeish!
Ok, once I heard somebody doing just some warm-ups on the bass guitar and I really liked the way it sounded. I think that its a common warm up and I was wondering if there was a name for it. This is a wierd question and confusing but if you know what im talking about let me know. Thanks.
i need some good rock songs. new old idc. just give me your faves. im trying to make a playlist & im out of ideas.
I keep almost figuring it out but then forgeting it. If I could just get sheet music everything will be just so easy.
So I was watching the tube today and I saw the music video (rather a clip of it) for the song \"First Timers\" (or called Teenage Love). It's by TYGA and he raps in it, but there is a guy in there that plays the guitar and sings. I really really really want to know who that guy is, but i've been looking and can't find anything. >:l Does anyone know who it is?
I have an antique acoustic guitar from my dad I want to learn how to play on my own. It's in great shape...he took really good care of it. Any good websites I can go to and learn chords, etc?
does anybody know any good artist or songs that are like metro station? i like their music & stuff. thxxx if anybody does know!?  [;
its something like  i wrote this song about you. isnt that cliche of me?   i cant really remember it all lol
has been sung by a few but who wrote it?
I need to know
when there at the dance and it goes like and i can't cry and i can't hate you(idk something like that)
 Just for the record, \"Wipe Out\" by The Surfaris is not classical and, in turn, not the answer I'm looking for.
been looking for some good metal bands that dont scream, know of any? i'd appreciate it!
Help me. I'm going crazy can I don't know where can I download the song. Plz, tell me the website. mp3 is good.
ok i was listening to this song on the radio a while ago but in the station they didnt mention the name or artist. it was just added in as one of their daily mixes. i then remembered that my uncle had this song which was playing at around '99-'01. i dont know the name but it starts with \"sh\". the first word that is said is \"shockolla\" i think. if you know the song please give me the name of the artist also. thanks
where everyone at? i think they got raped at the prom or sumtin im from the Chi haha at least not every1 dead...we the survivors...we must rebuild this RHH community lmao jp
it also says heaven is my goal.
teeeeelllll mmmmeeeee???????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the new discovery channel ad song is great and i can't get it out of my head. its not mute math but the new one. i can only remember \"west cost\" ... its got a really good beat.  any one know??
I heard it at a party I went to and just can't get hold of the name of the song...any help is much appreciated
Ok, I DID NOT ASK WHERE I COULD DOWNLOAD THESE!!! Anyways, I look on the net for music more often then I listen to music. I know some bands I like but hardly any!! I want to make a list of 25K songs. Does anyone know a website I could see with a list? Or do you have suggestions? Some bands I like are Atreyu, Bullet for my Valentine, Rise Against, Linkin Park(only Breaking The Habit), From First To Last, A Change of Pace.. and well, that's about it. HELP!
hey how many times have u listened 2 below the heavens?  but 4 real u think the RHH community like a big azz family? wait but that wasnt aimed at u sry if u thot that i just love this damn place im on it wen ever i can get on it lol i just found out bout it tho so thast y im sorta new thanks 4 starrin me tho latj
I was in H&M in NYC a few weeks back and heard a remix of \"Umbrella\" by Rihanna. It wasnt the normal remix that I had heard before, but I absolutely loved it! Anybody have any ideas on how I can find it??  Thanks =] it was faster than the original song.
ok so lately to help my depression i've been writing alot. it helps alittle. but i've mostly been writing lyrics from songs wit diff meanings...   wat r some songs that i should add to it. i mostly have ones that r kinda depressing. i'm still tryin to think of one that's about hurting one out of 2 people cuz it describes the situation i'm in right now.    any help is great(only if it's useful n not childish)
techno music
i need the sheet music for andante cantibile, for orch or just violin..
what are some songs about changing, and starting new? thankss! :]
I am looking for Coldplay's Viva la Vida in a guitar solo, but only in music like this:   ---2h3p2--------------0--- ----------5-------------------- --------------4/6------------- -------------------------------- ------3h4-------------------- --------------------------------  I forgot what that is called (maybe tab notation?), but I REALLY want to find this music! Whoever can find it for free, I can gaurantee 10 points! Thank you so much, seriously!
The chorus:  \"when I get to the end of my journey, when I finally cross that river,  remember me,  remember me\"
The man is looking at girls, he then recieves a text from his wife/fianc\u00E9/girlfriend, and she rolls her eyes. It's also the song that plays on the credits of Ferris Bueller's Day Off when Rooney walks onto the bus. Anyone?
I wanna know what vegas is about cause they say that Remembering Sunday and Vegas is about the same girl and in Remembering Sunday the girl commits suicide but then i hear people saying,, Noo Vegas is about going to vegas and forgetting about everything and stuff  so im confused >.< lawlz.  ~Samayyy. Hahaha. I dont mean Vegas the city its a songg lol thanks if you answered anywayss ^.^
What are the names of the girls in the video?
....BRYAN FERRY...I believe...Google it or LAUNCHCAST
In their music video the band is playing in a living room and it starts with little or no color. As the band plays more color seeps down the walls and into the room.   Also note the ban has a female singer and i saw it on MTV. Flyleaf is it. Thanks!! I apolgize for the vagueness. That is y i made it a question, i could not remember it. buy it was flyleaf! thsnks SOOOOO much.
my ipod is filled with played out songs  i like hip-hop/rap and some alternative
I need a song about love, heartbreak, and/or death, and I want the song to have a reference to God. Something like \"God didn't plan this\"... actually I like that line. Try to fit that line into the song.
it's an indie song, by a band with a guy singer, it starts out with the guitar in the start of the song, then yea. he kinda sings softly so i couldn't quite understand him, but from what i GUESS he's saying, all i remember is, \"don't forget this summer. this summer never ends.\" or something. then towards the end it's something like, \"and i miss you, but not in the sad way, but i miss you.\" it's pretty much the same guitar riffs through out the song, thanks<3 i'll add more if i remember any. but i probably won't =l oh, & i heard it on the radio station indie 103.1 :) grrrr no one? :( i thought it was incubus cause of the beginning of the song, but no.
It is the 6th track of their second album \"A Drink and a Quick Decision.\"
my friends said it was dedicated to the former piano player that went suicide and other people said to his old girlfriend.Which one is it?
He's been singing some new songs on his current tour, and I was wondering when one of them would be released.
It was played a bit on Triple J not long ago but I never caught the name of the song or artist. It goes something like \"we got soul, maybe not as much as the late james brown, but enough to shake up the town\".
I think that Pat Benatar has to be in the top ten female rock singers.
part of the song says \"i think about you when the sun is high\" i think, or when the sun is hot. i dont really know. lol. and another part says \"of all the good times we've had baby\" i heard it on the radio today and i cannot find it.
tell what the singer is saying?   I posted this question in the P&S question and everyone says yes so I'm comparing answers.
Did Louis Armstrong ever have a halloween related song?
He's a cat from the midwest who dropped an album called \"Sands of Time.\"  P.S.   What the hell is the Yahoo! Prom?  Did I miss something today?
Thinking of buying a line 6 amp with sweep and tape echo and want to know the difference. i want an angels and airwaves sound
when paul was playing around 3:30 a.m there was a song that came on and the lyrics went something like this: 'its time to live again' thats all i know of it. ive heard it before so many times before edc also but i have no clue who sings it, do you?
I need to know some of your favourite Old school Rap songs That are fun to dance to. I am making a dance routine and need help ! I Already have \"Its Tricky\" and \"Jump Around\"
There's a country song about a little kid who plays soldier all the time and wants to be like his daddy, who's fighting in the war. When his daddy gets killed, he stands up and gives the coffin a salute. What's the song and who's it by??
I've been playing my guitar through a 4-track (as a pre-amp), and then plugging the line out into my laptops mic input (its a pc, if that makes any difference). Unsurprisingly, I get a bad hissing noise when i try to record this. Is there any simple way I can get rid of the hissing, or should I just suck it up and buy a usb/firewire adapter ?
i think it was sung by the spice girls and in one part it goes tell me what you want what you really really want
In Camp Rock Tess Tyler sings a song at the Final Jam called \"2 Stars\" and her moms phone rings and she gets upset and then messes up.Was she lip singing?
In the XM ad campaign \"Falling Stars\", there was an XM ad featuring Snoop Dogg falling into an office building. When he stood up and looked through the hole in the roof, what was the name of his song that was playing? And NO, it is not Vato. (that is the one with the cartoon) This was one of the original ads when XM first came out. Falling Stars-Snoop Dogg  Here is a link to the video: http://www.facebook.com/video/video.php?v=10812643355
I'm making a video where I need background music a 70-80 year old woman would like, anyone got any ideas?
It goes like this: \"run baby run, dont give them the chance...you and me...were meant tobe  Yea something like that...help??? Wat is is called?
hey i need some good workout music i like hip/hop and rap anything fast paced is good! please no more than 10 answers on each list thanks
Alright, i consider myself a true music fan; a fan of nearly all music genres. I grew up on rap and rock, and a person who grew up on both of these and listens to both knows how to find artists that best reflect the true talent in the genres.  So labeling one as Talentless makes one Tasteless, if you know what i mean.  My favorite rock bands include Earth and Fire, The United States of America, Darkside Mirrors, early Pink Floyd, King Crimson, Jefferson Airplane, Moody Blues, L7, Hendrix, BB King, Syd Barret(my himself), Joe Byrd and the Field Hippies, H.P Lovecraft, Broadcast, The Electric Prunes, and many, many more.  Favorite rap artist, include Pastor Troy, Pac, Talib Kweli, Lauren Hill, MC Lyte, Sha Rock, T Rock, KRS One, Nas, Three Six Mafia (their old underground stuff before they were famous), and many many more.  So, as you can see, if you actually seek and find the music, you will know that there is actually good to rap. and good to rock, if you truly are a fan of music. I truly believe that more people that come on here and quote the fad line \"I think rap is crap\" have never even took the time out to seek and find things that aren't played on the radio, and things that weren't made in the past 5 years. Most of these types of people have bad taste in rock as well.
What's a few songs that are about how a girl who wants a guy but she can't have him?
it's when amy and ben slow dance together it goes like this: when you find someone you know their heart is true and when you find this one you'll know what to do like a breeze you look amazing suddenly it came around and caught my eye  thanks!
Damn. i missed it all.  RHH:  What is your 7th favorite rapper's worst song from their best album? Wow, you guys are a lot of help. This shows yahoo is biased: http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20080701190645AAjUuIr&r=w&pa=FZptHWf.BGRX3OFPgDBcVkEgEOk8Iljc7IP_MN.98J5B7sRZuw--&paid=answered#R75HDVPdVHT7Lirnf_Ir
Cannot find it.....
like on the episode \"falling in love\".. and when they are dancing at the one \"christian dance\" what songs do they play? thanks
What is a creepy topic to write a creepy folk song about?
all I could get out of it was an allright day?
It's called \"Queen Of Hearts\". It's by a woman named Juice Newton. I looked everywhere and I can't find them. It's a country song by the way. Thank You [: Here's The Video. Let me know what you think of it.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4feL1lhBidk
I prefer Camp Rock but I was just curious to see what you guys thought...reasons?     One of my reasons? Demi Lovato has an amazing voice compared to Vanessa Hudgens' super fake-sounding voice but that's just me
anyone go?
I have heard it in the store forever 21 before more than once and i dont know what its called or who sings it.  I think it says something like gogo dancing with my big sister. and then it just keeps repeating that alot.  thanks =]
okay, so there was a new song on one of abc's commercials. I'm pretty sure its not the following: pocketful of sunshine beautiful crash.  the lyrics go something like everyone wonders where the sun goes down... something like that... I'm not sure....  I've been trying to figure out the name of the song and I can't and it's bothering me to no end! please help! thank you! by the way, the commercial was showing all the shows that would be running during summer.  it had desperate housewives and in the sub captio it said when enemies become friends. ugly betty: when ugly is beautiful.. something like that...  thats all i can remember....
just wandering because im going to be moving there soon and  i have been going to see them at least twice every year from 2003 and i think ill suffer withdrawal symptoms if they dont also it gives me time to save money to travel to see them if need be
does anyone know the song that was in the dancing scene in the secret life of the american teenager - it was when ben stuck up for grace and was like 'the only person she'll be dancing with is me' ?
Its sounds prett oldish and has the lyrics 100 and 10th street in it. anyone know the name?
i need help to write some  rapish/hip hop lyrics i need everthing dunno where to start i just need a verse or 2 or evan a chorus but it is for a male artist thanx all for helping
I don't care if its electric or acoustic or if some of the strings are gone. I need a guitar because my aunt's funeral is in a couple months and I'm supposed to play dedications to her. However, I don't have enough money to buy a new or used guitar, and mine is broken beyond repair.
Why does he put out wackness with N.E.R.D but produces good stuff for other people? Why is this? What's his problem?
I overheard it somewhere,just wanted to know the title of this funny song
Where can i find this song? It's from Rhapsody: A Musical Adventure and i can't find it anywhere? Help please???
I LOVE THAT BAND! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nTrAtqaDuMA
 its a female canadian singer with blonde hair
That's a collection of dope songs with dope lyrics but no overall concept? What difference does it make?
I heard this song on Tiesto's official website (www.tiesto.com). The lyrics go something like:  \"I want to watch the red sands sink Deep into the sea. I want to wait until the snow sinks in And takes control of me.  Need to walk the desert And sand beneath my feet; Swim right through the shallow waters And fall right into the deep.  I... I like to watch them. I... I like to watch them.  I want to walk the jungle, Sleep sound under the stars. I want to see the moon rise up, Remember all of us.  Feel the cold and rain Crash down onto my face. There is no cyclone And there is no pace.  I... I like to watch them. I... I like to watch them.\" (I'm sorry if there are a lot of mistakes. I copied the words down as the song played.)  What is the name of this song?
Which songs you like the most?????  Can anyone suggest me some awesome rocking Soul Funk & disco, RnB, Pop or rock songs?????  I will give the guy/girl full points if somebody can also search me a love song defining the meaning that a boy who used to like a girl is either not able to explain his love to her or his proposal has been rejected by the girl.....like the song what hurt's most!  thx  star it guys!!!!!
Does anyone have a clue who sings this song, It was playing at the Skegness Butlins in May this year. dont know if its one of their songs or a propa song. My son is driving me crazy wanting the song!!
http://www.musiciansfriend.com/product/Gibson-The-Holy-V-Electric-Guitar-Worn-Cherry?sku=516477  well, whaddya think folks?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YeADGCzXh2k  can i sing this song? or i sound pitchy at some part? any advices and feedbacks on how to improve?
when your \"best friend\" did something that you cant forgive??
its my gf's bday and i cant see her, so im making this video for her, and i need that song. my email's mcridiculose24@yahoo.com
On Megadeth's critically acclaimed fourth album, the first track includes lyrics that are also a title of a song for Metallica's fifth full-length album  what are the lyrics/song?  hmmmmmmm? now, THAT'S a breakdown!!!
 Yo Angel, that's fuddduckin hilarious. New Moon, I been around. I get sick of people sending me hate mail when I call them on dumb shyt on here. I like your new pic and yeah, my girl didn't like the hotter than july name either, so I changed it.
Plz,help me :)
Fair to Midland, really it makes no sense whatsoever. tThey make amazing music. (Imo lol)...here are some videos from them:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1A57ckJc00&feature=related  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Svx-TT565U  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HhnLqWXTvfM&feature=related  Oh yeah, do you like the music?
i heard it on CMT they were doing a greatest moments or something like that and i can not seem to remember this song name or any of the lyrics.
Answer only if you have the album, or you are 102% sure:  In the chorus, is it :  \"And i came here to make you dance tonight, I dont care IF IM A guilty pleasure for you...\"   or   \"And i came here to make you dance tonight, I dont care ABOUT MY guilty pleasure for you.\" ??  thank you, much appreciation.  [remember, dont just google \"guilty pleasure lyrics,\" and give me an answer not all of the lyrics on the www of this song are the same...where do you think I got the two different wordings from?]   thanks, again.
i think so. that way the jonas fans could go to the pop... and that way i don't have to look at there questions and be tempted to reply XD   but seriously they not quiet polar oppisites. but still there pretty different to have them together.  your thoughts?
I hear people arguing about mosh and hxc dance. And i really thought they were the same. thanks people.  rock on!
I'm in my fifth year in High school in Scotland and I'm planning on taking Higher music in my 6th year. Piano will be my first instrument and I have chosen \"Sophia\" by Nerina Pallot as one of my pieces. I don't enjoy playing classical pieces so does anyone have any suggestions of popular piano pieces that I could play for my Higher exam? They must be Grade 4 or above please!
this text says that in C melodic minor the interval between B and Eb diatonically is a 4th but sounds like a major 3rd.. i say bs... wouldn't it make more sense to label it a diminished 4th... because out of context it may sound like a major 3rd but contextually B-Eb is a diminished 4th no?
Is it okay to not follow the fingering for the scales on the exam? I'm taking ABRSM grade 5 for Piano on the 22nd. At the front of the scale book it says the fingerings in the book aren't obligatory as long as my different fingering doesn't affect a smooth and steady playing.    Will the examiner cut my marks or so??    I just need to further clarify it.
it's a song being played mostly in i-fm and is usually being played in the morning...that's all
I really love CoB.....  But some \"critics\" say they're sellout!  Are they really? Agree, Bloodrunk sucks!!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5lLqI8PX4gw&feature=related It starts around 3:40
the song summertime by will smith. what song was it sampled from?
Yes, lessons will be purchased with this.   It is for an adult who loves music and needs to learn.
 Cause i reelly have no idea and would like to know.
It's so hard to get madonna 's promo..
I have lawn tickets to a concert. Yes I know  lawn tickets suck, but I have heard some people say that they were not so bad in some amphitheatres. So I was wondering if anyone could tell if I will be able to see aything at all from the lawn. The link to the map of the amphitheatre is below. Thanks in advance,                                 -Rose- Sorry. I forgot the link! Here it is!  http://www.indux.com/map/286_VerizonWirelessAmphitheatre_EndStage_tn.jpg If the show starts at 8:00 and I have to drive 2 hours to get there, what time should i leave my house if I want to be at the front of the lawn?
I need it for my movie maker.. i need songs that has no lyrics
They showed a concert from March 2008 on VH1 Classic the other day...he was very good...he filled in nicely for Steve Perry..they sounded great...anyone see the show or see them in concert? What did you think?
Hey guys... Im currently sat updating my music player to waste some time of my day (holidays suck sometimes ;-) and was wondering whether anyone can post any music that they feel is good and why that is so I can somehow get it...I'm open to all types of music in general...  Thanks :-)
http://youtube.com/watch?v=5vspiupznOs this mix is crazy
Anything after 1990! No country! For god sakes no answers with Pink Floyd or Metellica! Just a list!
Going to see Boston/Styx on 8/2  How's the new lead singer? Please give review of this concert!  Styx too! Thanks! Kristina
i love singing more than anything and im only 10 and i want to become a singer very badly if your a talent agent or work for disney can you puhhhleeeeeeeeeez tell me and mayb get me somewhere in a music career?!?
I will order one, but I have no idea who designed each mask. They don't tell me who... I just want to know. Please help me.
If you've heard the song \"I Kissed A Girl\" thats what Im talking about. Do you think her voice is altered or does it sound like that naturally. I think she sounds..different and I kinda like it. I f you haven't heard it here it is..  http://youtube.com/watch?v=o-jFKW4vrCw  what do you think..synthesizer or no?
Help?
e.g. Yellowcard, vanessa carlton's harmonium (preferably more recent)
Who is your favorite one-hit wonder and what song? Me: Blahzay Blahzay \"Danger\". Ok, I'll repost, thanks dog.
i dont know who its by but it is called 'world' and it says something about 'ACME' in it but that is the only word i can remember from the lyrics i need the artist
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZ5O8TR1oxU&feature=related
I do need this cd , I love it
im 15 and i am an intermediate flute player i would like to get a good brand flute but i dont know what type i should get
I like alot of Hallelujah songs for example Hallelujah by Paramore Hum Hallelujah by Fall Out Boy And Hallelujah by That Jeff guy   do you know anymore Hallelujah songs? Thanks
http://www.guitartutee.com/m/michelle-branch-all-you-wanted/  in this video how do they do the thing where they stop the rhythm a little and then go back to the chorus?  it happens at 2:25
Does anybody know the song Tech plays for his homeboy in the car?
You think you have it all down  You know it all by heart  That you\u2019re some sort of genius You have it all figured out You let your pride get in the  Of ever asking for help And when somebody tries  You push them aside  You try to do it all your self  And you believe that can  You would take on the world  Without the slightest cry for help  You think it\u2019s all so easy  But maybe you should  Think again   You can\u2019t always do it all  You can\u2019t always take on  The world alone  No matter how much  You believe you can do it  All on your own  Just suck it up  Swallow your pride and  Think again   Asking for help isn\u2019t a crime  No matter how much  You act like it is  Everyone can use it  Once or twice in a life  And having the courage to ask  Makes you better latter on   You can\u2019t always do it all  You can\u2019t always take on  The world alone  No matter how much  You believe you can do it  All on your own  Just suck it up  Swallow your pride and  Think again   No matter what you do  You do it alone  You\u2019re afraid to admit  You might need a hand  You won\u2019t look for help  Or ask for help  You won\u2019t even except any help  You do it all alone   You try to do it all your self  And you believe that can  You would take on the world  Without the slightest cry for help  You think it\u2019s all so easy  But maybe you should  Think again   You can\u2019t always do it all  You can\u2019t always take on  The world alone  No matter how much  You believe you can do it  All on your own  Just suck it up  Swallow your pride and  Think again
I am looking for anyones custome drawings of and slipknot mask if you would like to e-mail it to me my e-mail is thefireisalwaysablaze@yahoo.com or just post them or give me a link to them.
Does anyone know where i can get albums like , Stone Temple Pilots-Core and Sonic Youth-Dirty , really cheap , online? I already go on websites like cd wow and ebay and cds are SO expensive in shop and they never have what im lookin for!!! (They need to be posted to ireland though)
can some1 tell me the whole storyline
the only lyrics i know are   I coulda been  I woulda been Lost in time   im not sure if they are correct its like a really slow song
Hello,  I am planning to setup a Music Video Network, that will be aimed primarily at unsigned music artists. The network itself will consist of a website, that will be similar to the layout of youtube. It will allow for videos to be uploaded, featured, commented & rated on, and of course people can create & join 'music-groups' for discussion.   The website will sort of be a youtube clone, but of course is perfectly legal and provided by 'FFmpeg'. The site will also in time have other features such as forums, message boards, and maybe even user blogs.  Do you have any tips/suggestions, on whether this idea will work. Also the most important aspect that I am currently considering is how the website will be marketed. We will be, and will remain for the future a 'not-for-profit' website, so advertising funds will be very limited, if not non-existant. Besides the obvious, advertising/posting ad's on other unsigned music networks.. what other ways can I get the website known?  Thnks
I remember when i was a kid, about 24 yrs. ago. My dad rented a Willie Nelson concert video. Now, it was outdoors and i remember watching girls going on stage topless and approach Willie and hug him while he sang. Does anybody know what the title was and where i can get it. Hopefully its on dvd now.
of a milli??  So many people did there own version of a milli, who do you think did it best?  Wayne Jadakiss Jay-z Other (and who?)  post a link with your answer if possible..
this is a long shot but does anybody know a song that was out about 8 or 9 years ago i only ever heard it on telly.in the video there is a bloke in a black leather jacket and he had stuble.he was singing the song walking down the street then he went up some stairs in some place and when he goes into a room there is a band which then start playing.Im sure it was out at the same time robbie willams song called saying somthing stupid like i love you was out.
If anyone has the translated version of \"This Time\" by Wonder Girls, would you be kind enough to share it here? Also, if possible, please also post the actual Korean (not the romanized) lyrics of the same song. Thank you!
please click on the link below to see my piano recital.    i am playing aduet with my piano teacher. i  am playing the complicated stuff.    http://youtube.com/watch?v=md5ymvUIQQY  please share this video with as many people a you can
I find his voice dead, lifeless no feeling and no emotion at all. He has lyrical skills but apart from that I can't listen to him for very long.  I know I will get bashed for this but it's just how I feel, anybody agree? KRS, Kool Moe Dee, Kool G Rap and so on have A LOT more energy in their voices and make you enjoy their music, I feel like sleeping when I hear Rakim Angel I'm not desputing he can rap, I'm saying he is BORING
I'm practicing \"  What a friend we have in Jesus\"\u3000now!  It\u2019s\u3000HER version!  Give me some advice.  I 'd appreciate if you teach me about the lyrics(Aretha's fake part!)
plays the guitar aswell, is young, has kinda short hair. and her new release song has a video clip where she is in a red cape with hood like red riding hood and she walks around a haunted house that has red ribbons everywhere. also i think she is the same singer that sings the new 3 mobile ad on tv in WA
Im Stepping Into a nightclub for the first time djing at an under 18s night, i dj hardcore & drum n bass and was woundering if anybody had any tips or info about nightclub djing which could help me out on the night??
You can ask 1 more question today.  :O I'll just do something random...   Name the following songs! First one to get the most right, gets 10 points.   All We Know -  Vampires Will Never Hurt You -  Smells Like Teen Spirit -  Your Love Is A Lie -  Crush -  Dirty Little Secret -  Welcome To The Jungle -  Photograph -  The Piano Knows Something I don't -  Beautiful Lie -  Give Me What I Want -  Born For This -  Cassie -  Pray For Plagues -  Hit The Floor -  Dear God -  Best Of Both Worlds -  Heart Shaped Glasses -  Your Sweet 666 -  Saturday -  Gossip -  All I Ever Wanted -  Rise Above This -   *Bonus Question Automatically Gets 10 Points!*  Who signed the band, Vains Of Jenna?!  GO! x]
I love singing now. Its fun and I do it for fun only. My boyfriend and me were talking on the phone and he said he wants to hear me sing. I'm afraid to! He might not like my voice or laugh at me. If I do im going to sing This Is Me by Demi Lovato. Please what should I do!?! I might sing \"Two Stars\" . It's from Camp Rock. Ohmigod. This is so hard to pick a best answer!! Some of you guys have REALLY good answers!!
doesn't have to be new...i need the latest...and where can i download it for free
can someone give me the link to download Secondhand Serenade - Last Time? i love that song  please someone send it to me please....or give me a link for me to download  ghjgfdgs@yahoo.com
...use humor or focus on fun to get recognized for their mic skills?  If so, why? CHUCK But wouldn't it be fair to say that Robin Williams wasn't taken seriously as an actor until he started taking on more dramatic roles?
What are some scary songs that give you chills? Something along the lines of \"Climbing up the Walls\" by Radiohead or \"Frankie Teardrop\" by Suicide?  lyrics to the above songs are here: http://www.songmeanings.net/lyric.php?lid=561 http://www.songmeanings.net/lyric.php?lid=3530822107858515574
i love shiny toy guns. best and ever and they have a kickass name! does anyone else love them, im like obsessed lol...
Its like meet me at the wall or something then.....your the one your the one?
I'm not sure but i think this is how the chorus goes... haha correct me if I'm wrong and of course, tell me d title! :D haha  Make me your eyes. Make me your supper, Make me feel  i'm not pretty sure.. haha thanks!!!
All of a sudden Mel & Karen from the morning show don't seem to be around. Any ideas what's up?
I was thinking about becoming a music producer, what kind of education would I need?
the one were there is a lil kid that is cupid and that is trying to find the guy some love and at the end of the video the lil cupid kid is dancing with a cupid girl. some lyrics of the song i think go like this \"BUT MOMMA I THINK I FELL IN LOVE AGAIN\"
I heard a new country song on FM Broadcast radio this morning, a man was singing...  Does anyone possibly know who the artist or what the title of the song is?  The lyrics went:  Trains are running  Kinda the way you're leaving
anyone know the song when the night of premiers commerical comes on disney channel it aint jo bors burn it up
I know I can, be what I wanna be.....\" its rap, with kids constantly saying the above lines, with a man who raps aswell, with classical piano in the background?  first correct answer gets 10 points.
rap
what is a mad 2pac album that i should get
I have a friend and she can play this song its called Lunar Eclipse. It's in one of her piano books. I just wanted to know where I coulf find that song and jsut listen to it.
i an confused about this  thank u
Aw... I luv this song when i was a kid... haha if u know the title.. thanks!!  here's the link:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7PkPuWWatvE
 Than was mean't to be thanks!!!  But I believe this song was a '90's song.
I like rocks, pop, boys like girls, all time low...that kind of stuff.  And some hip hop.
can anyone tell me what the song is called on the new vodafone ad where the guy walks around his apartment and folds things like bookshelf and girlfriend up and puts them in his pocket????
I was listening to REHAB LYRICS \"Sittin' At A Bar\" when I remembered a song that was something like it, it was like an acoustic rap song, it was really funny said something like \"so I slapped her nappy headed weave\" it was out about 6 or 7 years ago I think.  Anyone know the song so I can get the lyrics?
Norah Jones, Coldplay, Keane are some of i could think of for now. Who else?
can anyone tell all the notes of the bass from order thank you i'm trying to learn the base
for when ur depressed and happy
It's my favourite song everr!!  Just wantewd to let everyone hear it! :)  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSMC7YKgJ-A
whats do u sugest as the best rnb slow jam?
Some lyrics: '' Have you ever seen the sun rise?  We take it for granted every day.  And have you seen the moon at midnight.  It always steals my breath away.'' That's the beginning, i love the song, but can't find out who sings it.  Love, stef x that's not it! lol!
Does anyone know where i can find the extended version of Travis Tritt's \"Trouble?\" I had that version on a mix tape (from the radio) a few years ago but accidentally erased it. I've looked for it everywhere and can't find it. Thanx!
please give me not the korean character but the readable roman letters. example: sarang hae, etc. thnx a lot. need it asap.=)
A girl leaves home to join a show, her dad is trying to find her, he thinks she is in a seedy performance,but it is not like that. The girl sends letters home to her mum and she has to read between the lines, I think the show is called The Platinum Blonde, I don't know who performed the song, it may have been out in the 70's or 80's, please can anybody help me with this song, thanks
Also somewhere in the song it says something about it's never easy being pretty/beautiful. It's a rap song with the little chipmunk voice in the chorus saying something, don't know what though. In case you couldn't work it out, the other word for donkey is also another word for bum, it just wouldn't let me write the actual word.
I need some songs for a beach party. I ve choosen the vibrant ones but im  kinda stuck in the slow ones that probably ll be playing in early morning...I d love something like \"Love Song\" by 311... Thankyou anyways and have a grat day :) !!
Do you know how to save some of the beats onto your computer? I'm looking to use a couple but don't know how to save them. Cheers
i wanna see them so bad :[:[:[ i already looked on the site and it didn't say anything about touring us in the future :[ i was just wondering if anyone knew anymore information
the one on disney channel when the night of premiers song commercial comes on it aiint jonas bros bun it up and its not cam rock its the one when the new series of the shows comes on
im looking for a song by yaga y mackie but i dont know the name i know theres a part where mackie says \"yo le tiro y me satea ella sabe que no tiene nah de fea guillao guillao guillao\"   and theres another song i want it says \"pegate a mi pantalon si te guillas de leona yo me guillo de leon\" but i dont know who sings that one :(
 JBBB - Nah...i doh think so m8!
I love songs that remind me of Summer.
Give me songs that fit on Teacher's Day.
..where can i look for the keyboard song sheet here in internet? i want to play a song.. plss help me....
it goes like this  \"this cant be my life, broke struggling in the street I know one day im gon shine, like a star in the sky\"
Sparks off the Guard Rail by C. Blaze and E. M. Ash   Insurrection by P. Dinietir
At Glastonbury Kate Nash sang a song and part of it was a long tirade of talking, part of which was that she thinks she should read more and that her brother was reading the dictionary.   What song was that?
...That I have a good singing voice... But I hate it... Is this just like the saying \"you're your own worst critic\" thing? Or should I believe the people who say I'm good? Well... One of my friends who told me that I have a good voice is... Very... Blunt. She would honestly tell me if I sucked... I can't record my voice because the stupid mic makes whoever uses it sound like a friggen chipmunk... Don't ask. No webcam... But I'll find out if I'm good or not this year... Choir.
It's just so catchy and the movie is great (cause Gerard Butler is in it) HA HA, please let me know what you think :D  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWjyP1iW3vs
please copy and past the link below to see my piano recital!!!  http://youtube.com/watch?v=md5ymvUIQQY  ps: please share ths video with as many people as you can if you think its good.
Not to sure about these lyrics i have written for a bridge of my new song.  \"At least this garden of Roses hold no thorns, Beauty is brittle dont go running after it with your horns the key to your heart hangs with them all the sun may not rise today but we must go on\"  the second part is below: \"Hands are held in a neon mist Words are spoken yet often missed your face is broken and rarley kissed sheilded by your lovers vest, Eyes that guide you to the shade Fallen to this dark parade Just another fake facade In damp cold summer dawn.  Not to sure please tell gibe feed back {Peace
does anyone know any good excersises?
..Does anyone have any ideas...He has already written songs about girls and wants to write about something else.  Thank you
*****PUGWALL & PUGWALL'S Summer..POINTS UP FOR GRABS*****? Im looking for the books by Margaret Clark  Pugwall Pugwall's Summer  I think they have probably been deleted now, so am unable to obtain a copy from any high street bookshop.  Does anyone know ANYWHERE I may be able to get hold of a copy?? (Website, shop etc. -- Ive tried EBAY)  Or, does anyone have a copy they are willing to trade???
Most Lyrical Rapper :  Most Unsuccessful Good Rapper :  Best One Hit Wonder Song and Artist (doesn't have to be the same) Worst One Hit Wonder Song and Artists (no saying Flo Rida and Soulja Boy and Hurricane Chris) :  Worst Good Rapper :  Most Entertaining Rapper :  Most Boring Rapper :
where can i download his songs???  what program do you use for music downloads
rock/metal band main influences arch enemy and nightwish  dont answer if your not serious!!!!!!!!!  if youre genuinly interested in joining and willing to come to newport or if you live in wales please leave your asl
It has been doing my head in for awhile now but there is this song and for the life of me i cant think of the name of it or how sings it, the lyrics are from what i can remember like this...  'All i want is a kiss like that,  A love like that,  And all i need is to feel that way everyday,  Everything life has to give,  Every moment that i live,  You got it all and thats all i want'    Any help would be fab!!
Can someone please help me find the karaoke style or minus one of the song Ohayou by Keno.. It's a japanese song. the one which was the opening song of Hunter X Hunter... I want to propose this song for our MV making in our school... help.. Arigatou gozaimashita..^^
i realy badly look for someone to sell by oxegen ticket to. Its a 3 day blue camping ticket.selling it for 190  anyone intrested
please have them with sexy things in them
chorus - ''girl im leaving, never coming back...'' its now on Trace, Mtv and such tv a blond white guy sings it
http://www.kongregate.com/games/Reflexive/music-catch Got it.  Before Dawn - Isaac Shepard
Any song! I know every single Mariah song even the really rare ones. Just curious to see what people think.
I heard this song on the radio and I want to download it.  It goes: ding ding..over  hmm  hmm ting ting ting....ring.  And you don't try to hm hm hm....ding ring dang.   Does anyone know who sings this?? Please help!!! I love this song!
ok, i am going to a preselection and I have NO IDEA what to sing.  I must mention that I'm girl, I actually hate pop music and I love rock.  It must be a good song, don't care how difficult it is.  Thanks a lot.  I'll choose the best answer.
even though his/her answer is good?  Because I see some answerers who get tons of thumbs down if he/she adds: \"Now Playing: Misery Business - Paramore\" (or any song similar to that)    \u25BA Now Playing: Hearts on Fire - Hammerfall You have to admit it!!  God knows who you are!!!  Hahahaha!!!  HAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!  God is the punisher!! Not you!!!!!!!!!  Whahahahah!!!! Ummmm...... well,......okay!! I admit it!!!! That \"Know-it-all Who Knows Nothing\" girl just got a thumbs down!  Better luck next time Know-it-all!!!!!!!!!!!!  hahahha!!! You guys really are MEAN!!!  Hahahaha!!  \"Lack of Aesthetics\" is one of the nine satanic sins!! \u25BA Now Playing: Hallowed Be Thy Name - Iced Earth I know God would shower blessings to me as I help to vanquish demons.
what song by him do you like?  there is only 1 song where he goes hard.... 2006... from a mixtape  http://youtube.com/watch?v=B81_bCvyT60&feature=related he aint better than weezy... no way
I fell in love with a  great call and response song by Jerry mccain a few weeks back and have been desperately looking for the lyrics. the song is that's what they want who can provide me with the lyricsand/or a sound fragment Thanks a lot in advance.
can somebody please give me the COMPLETE list of all the songs that have been on dance on sunset
: no matter how far ...''something something'' i will always love you
does anybody know some NEW songs that have been brought out that have meaningful,moving lyrics? i really would appreciate if sumone could help me out if possible the singer should have a good voice and the song have a good beat to match the lyrics if not just give me some NEW songs that have come out with heart felt lyrics ohk any sugestions would be appreciated :) xxx  ARTIST AND NAME OF SONG PLEASE :)
what album is that from?!!? i want to get a tab book for it! thanks
its easy 2 find things 4 main stream media cause///its MAIN stream but im having trouble finding things for techno, hardstyle, hard dance ect. i can look at store websites but they suck cause they dont have many hardstyle products on offer, and dont even stock legendary hardstyle albums like decibel outdoor or sensation black
im buying one of these amps and need some of your advice on which one is the best tnx!
There's a solo Chinese/Tibet  flute track Yanni, Karunesh and many other artists used in their tracks; I'm talking about the one in \"Yanni - On sacred ground\" and \"Karunesh - Calling wisdom\". I just need the name of the original track name.
have only recently started 2 like there music & have never seen them live.
Guys I wanna Download bachna ae haseeno Mp3 Songs, i found This website http://www.itsfreemusic.com  You know anymore??
does anyone know if a tremolo arm to fit usa strat would fit a starcaster by fender guitar????
Anything at all, no matter how impossible =]
i'm not a fan of it i just want to know if it's a famous band or not.
mine r:  either:  see u again - mylie cyrus  dont want 2 go 2 bed - gabriella cilmi
http://youtube.com/watch?v=XhUg_Q10Ncc are you sure? http://youtube.com/watch?v=XhUg_Q10Ncc are you sure???<but never mind the vidieo only the song>
I am 17 and would really love to record a demo. Not to make it famous or anything just to do because I love to sing. Now I know how to play piano and guitar but i want beats like rhianna. You know techno-ish/pop what do i need to get all this...And i need to get the cheaper stuff 1st....afterall I am only 17.... oh and explain to me what it is and what it does...thanx!
Please people, I really like this song and I can't imagine myself practising this song. This is the video on youtube. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e0FqUSJCfI0
i know some parts of it  i hear you calling out my name as only you can do, your voice it covers all my shame   you call me beautiful.....you call me righteous...you call me worthy of your sons own precious blood....   help please =] k thanks
If you didn't have a gun would you just beat them senseless ?
its the one on disney channel when the night of preimers commercial comes on
have been playing for about 5 months, i learn by ear, and i know how to read music, and i just learned how to read tabs  songs i can play: La Bamba Good Riddance (time of your life) intro and 1st solo to Free Bird Sweet Home Alabama intro to \"One\" the intro to Little Wing intro to Spanish Castle Magic Every Rose Has it's Thorn Iron Man Simple Kind of Man Sweet Child O' Mine Halloween Theme  am i any good?
I'm 14 and for my birthday I got tickets to Iron Maiden, I'm going with my 22 year old cousin, but I don't know how to act. I already have some Iron Maiden clothes that I'm going to wear, but I don't want to look like an idiot, what should I remember? Thanks
PLZ! URGENT! I NEED IT FOR MY PERFORMANCE SEMINAR!
Hi everybody, The song is somewhat of a mix between British rap / jazz/casual dance. In it , the artist repeatedly sings the words \"How Now Brown Cow\" . . . and the female chorus/backup sings \"Unity & Respect Is Not A Crime\". Thanks so much for helping ! : ] Stefan
Specifically, do the professional remixers e.g. David Morales actually create their own melodies from their imagination and play instruments like the piano or guitar OR is there software which detects alternative melodies, chords etc which match the acapella and are all instruments usually electronic sounds? For example when I hear a guitar solo on a  David Morales dance remix, has someone acually sat and played the guitar or, is it a reproduced sound of a guitar been programmed to play a range of notes in succession to create a solo? So in the moto blanco remix of Mary J Blige's 'Fine' is someone acually playing the piano?
There was this song in the eighties and I am trying to trace who sang it.  I got this feelin tha somebody\u2019s watching me And I have no privacy la la la  The only other bit of info I can give is:  In the chorus there was this person singing who sounded very much like Michael Jackson.  Any help?  Any offers?  Thank you
The lyrics are something like that, i'd call the music electronic/easy listening, and it sounds all dramy. It goes something like ''Since I met you, I've found the world sunny blue. Ohh ohhh, ohh ohhh oh oh oh oh''  If anyone knows the song name and the artist, that would be amazing!
There's this song that i hear like everywhere. But i don't know the name of it. So i'm asking you guys wat your fave dude rappin/girl singin songs are.  One of the lines to the song was: Boy you think you know me but you have no idea idea
is it possible to buy refused's new noise on itunes because i really love that song, thanks. is there any other bands like this song?
Hello. This is going to be a tough one to find, but here goes what i know:  - I think it is a fairly recent rock song;  - The song's rhythm is very similar to The Dandy Warhol's \"Get Off\" and Green Day's \"Holiday\";  - What highlights this song is the repetitive \"la la la la la-la-la-la\" chorus (note that the last 4 la's are hyphenated, meaning that their pronunciation is faster than the first la's). I believe this chorus is sung only by male voices - which, by the way, sound kinda \"drunk\".  I know these details are poor, but if anyone has any idea, please let me know.  Thanks in advance.
Recently, I have decided to start a Rock band and make a myspace for it once we get some songs done. But the thing about this band project is that Everyone wants to Sing and play guitar. I only want to play the drums, but the other three always want to do the same thing.  Personally, I like the idea of having either one as a singer... (We have two chicks and one dude that want to sing).  Is there anyway that I can get them to agree on alternating? Or do you guys think I should just get a new band?  Honestly, I don't want a new band because these three are my best friends.
I only kno 2:  Jay Z- Blue magic Fat joe-Aint saying nothing  Do u think this is kinda ridiculous? I think so
When playing a difficult guitar piece should i be breaking the music up into sections and mastering each section  OR  should i play the whole piece as a whole and improve that way? Also it is not a strumming piece, its similar difficulty to classical gas
i need r&b love songs for a cd.. id rather oldies not too old or whatever then the new ones.. but any really good meaningful ones would do !
anyone been pushing mad weight.......in the gym? Ive just started bulking up again after a looooonnng break. But its been great and im seeing progress already. I want a hip hop fan perspective...what weight training do you do and secondly what supplements (if any) do you take?
music by devi sri prasad....bgm.....not the edited music of kallai mattum kandaal.....it comes from starting of the movie till kamal gives speech in d stadium
ive been wondering for aaaaaaaaaages
It's always driven me nuts, and i've tried to google it, to no avail. I do know some of the lyrics are along the lines of 'No more origato, Mr Roboto' or something  Lol, forgive me if this is a favorite of yours, and I've butchered the lyrics thank you!
it's so familiar zomg i have to know!
im trying to find this one song and i cant remember the name or singer but it starts out piano then pop then a little piano...any clue??
it is an old one in the late 80's i think ..and here is a parody of the song in arabic ..here is the link of the music  ( it will start at the 1:06  in the following video when the man sings in black attire) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oA-KtdpcvtI
i can find other lyrics for what snoop dogg says in the song but i can't seem to find ones for what robyn says in the song. the song is the official remix. i want to know what robyn sings in the song her lyrics i've already tried google and it does not help me
Does Anyone no where to find an instrumental song the starts of kinda slow (10 or more seconds) then turns to likea hip hop beat ? ? please help i need it baddd
Don't ask me to search it or something, I want the lyrics in your answer.
I am totally still in love with nsync, BSB, O-town, and 98 degrees....I am sooo 19! LOL . Anyone else like them? And you have to admit, they have some of the best love songs and break up songs!
I love backstreet boys,coldplay,onerepublic,bluvertigo etc and you?? kiss n_n I m italian...
my friend told me this: He said that Jimi Hendrix drilled a hole into his (Jimi's) head so he could get high faster. is this true?
Does anyone know a rap/ hip hop song featuring some girl.  I heard on the radio that it was called Tears but I tried looking for it and it didnt appear anywhere.  It's about a guy telling a girl its over and shes telling herself not to cry.  Thanks
Where I can buy Washburn Bass Guitar T24 Taurus Series in Malaysia? Prefered Natural Matte or Natural Mahogany color
Mixed with korean and english, no rap, more of a dance-ey feel to it. the english part i remember: want somebody, body body body, he's somebody....somebody to love\" any clue? tried youtube and got zilch.
i wanna get some new music on my cell phone and ipod so wat are some good rap and hip hop songs? it doesn't matter if they're old or new, but i DON'T want kanye west !  thanx. :] your pleasure: i already have all those songs, but thanx. :]
I've looked everywhere and I just cant find an instrumental version.  Help?
Do you know the lyrics of where is She?..... Pls tell me the website thanks..........
the video ist a woman walking down the treet and the street is like in the desert, and as she was walking people were comming up changing something in her clouth or hear, that what i remenber. thanks
Just want to know if a brand new Martin Smith acoustic guitar for \u00A390 is worth buying?  Thanks
This song was the first English song I have learnt when I was very little( around year 1980 ). The voice recorded by my parents at that time.  I would like to find who is the original singer and the song name.  Please take a \"listen\" and any useful answer would be appreciated.  http://www.csie.nctu.edu.tw/~glshu/Childhood(eng).mp3
I KNOW HE'S ABOUT 29 YRS OLD AND FROM TEXAS, BUT IS HE MEXICAN-AMERICAN?
The main chorus part is \"together, together\" or something alone those lines.  Does anyone know what it's called? I don't know the name of the song OR the artist, and it's bugging me that I haven't been able to find it. It's sort of upbeat, and the only reason I like it is because it has that catchy chorus.
I'm just looking for good music to trip out to. Stuff thats similar to animal collective, devendra banhart, cocorosie, mum, black moth super rainbow..etc Any help?
as a little girl my late father used to sing to me a song called kacey jones. the lyrics were:  Kacey jones Steamin and rolling Kacey jones You never will forget When you hear the tooting of the whistle its kacey at the wistle of the cannon ball express WOOO WOOOO  lol and i was just reading a top ten cocain songs list on the internet and there was a song on their named 'kacey jones' but it didnt say the lyrics, it claimed this song is about cocain. Since i was little i now know that my father was a cocain addict and dealer, and it desturbes me to think this one little song we had together and all i can really remember of him was based on cocain aswell. please let me know if you know any history behind this song. thankyou xx thankyou, you made my day. :) xx hmm...i wouldnt really say that its funny. but ok
In the mid 90's when MTV's Alternative Nation and 120 Minutes were on I saw a video of a song that just made me happy to hear. Recently I heard that last few seconds of the song on 103.1 in Orange County, drove around for five extra minutes to hear if they would say who the artist was (which they never did), and never thought to look it up on their website after work  The only part of the lyrics that I can remember are \"records on your 45\" When I saw the video I remember that Bjork's It's Oh So Quiet, Toadie's Possum Kingdom, SpaceHog,  AfghanWigs, Breeder's Cannonball, Geggy Tah's All I Wanna Do and Blind Melon's No Rain were also on.  The song itself is pretty Bubblegum-y.  As for the video it was kinda 1950's with a gal listening to a portable 45 and 45s littered on her floor.  So if anyone can help I would greatly appreciate it. Thanks
where can i find bachna ae haseeno lyrics?
Here's the lyrics to the a chinese song Qiong Kai Xin by The Flowers. I would really love to have the translation [and pinyin if possible~] Online translators won't really work due to the Mainland's slang; results would turn out really wrong, and some words couldn't be translated at all.  \u5C0F\u5C0F\u7684\u4EBA\u513F\u554A \u98CE\u751F\u6C34\u8D77\u554A \u5929\u5929\u5C31\u7231\u7A77\u5F00\u5FC3\u554A \u900D\u9065\u7684\u9B42\u513F\u554A \u5047\u4E0D\u6B63\u7ECF\u554A \u563B\u563B\u54C8\u54C8\u6211\u4EEC\u7A77\u5F00\u5FC3  \u6211\u662F\u8C01\u5BB6\u90A3\u5C0F\u8C01 \u8EAB\u5F3A\u8D5B\u8FC7\u6D3B\u674E\u9035  \u8C8C\u4FCA\u8D5B\u8FC7\u731B\u5F20\u98DE \u8D76\u6CBE\u53D1\u578B\u4EAE\u53C8\u9ED1 \u662F\u8D70\u5357\u95EF\u8FC7\u5317 \u6C14\u8D28\u51FA\u4F17\u53C8\u62D4\u8403 \u957F\u6C5F\u9EC4\u6CB3\u559D\u8FC7\u6C34 \u548C\u97AD\u70AE\u5730\u96F7\u4EB2\u8FC7\u5634 \u60A8\u9762\u5BB9\u5F88\u6194\u60B4 \u662F\u6EE1\u8138\u7684\u65E7\u793E\u4F1A \u60A8\u662F\u897F\u5C71\u6316\u8FC7\u7164 \u8FD8\u662F\u4E1C\u5C71\u89C1\u8FC7\u9B3C \u8FD9\u4EBA\u751F\u82E6\u77ED\u7D2F \u4ECA\u671D\u6709\u9152\u4ECA\u671D\u9189 \u4E3A\u4E86\u4E0D\u54ED\u5927\u58F0\u7B11 \u4E3A\u4E86\u4E0D\u70E6\u5927\u58F0\u5478  \u5C0F\u5C0F\u7684\u4EBA\u513F\u554A \u98CE\u751F\u6C34\u8D77\u554A \u5929\u5929\u5C31\u7231\u7A77\u5F00\u5FC3\u554A \u900D\u9065\u7684\u9B42\u513F\u554A \u5047\u4E0D\u6B63\u7ECF\u554A \u563B\u563B\u54C8\u54C8\u6211\u4EEC\u7A77\u5F00\u5FC3 \u5C0F\u5C0F\u7684\u4EBA\u513F\u554A \u98CE\u751F\u6C34\u8D77\u554A \u5929\u5929\u5C31\u7231\u7A77\u5F00\u5FC3\u554A \u900D\u9065\u7684\u9B42\u513F\u554A \u5047\u4E0D\u6B63\u7ECF\u554A \u563B\u563B\u54C8\u54C8\u6211\u4EEC\u7A77\u5F00\u5FC3  \u5979\u662F\u8C01\u5BB6\u90A3\u5C0F\u8C01 \u8EAB\u6750\u8D5B\u8FC7\u6768\u8D35\u5983 \u8C8C\u7F8E\u8D5B\u8FC7\u4E03\u4ED9\u59B9 \u5A40\u5A1C\u591A\u59FF\u5982\u7FE1\u7FE0 \u662F\u7EA2\u7537\u7EFF\u5973\u914D \u90FD\u662F\u4E8C\u5341\u9512\u94DB\u5C81 \u7EAF\u6D01\u5E78\u798F\u52C7\u6562\u8FFD \u6328\u6253\u6328\u6376\u7EDD\u4E0D\u6C14\u9981 \u53EF\u5979\u5F88\u81EA\u5351 \u662F\u6EE1\u8138\u7684\u8BA4\u5012\u9709 \u60A8\u662F\u767D\u5929\u62B9\u8FC7\u9ED1 \u8FD8\u662F\u591C\u91CC\u505A\u8FC7\u8D3C \u8FD9\u4EBA\u751F\u82E6\u77ED\u7D2F \u4ECA\u671D\u6709\u9152\u4ECA\u671D\u9189 \u4E3A\u4E86\u4E0D\u54ED\u5927\u58F0\u7B11 \u4E3A\u4E86\u4E0D\u70E6\u5927\u58F0\u5478  \uFF08\u4E3A\u4E86\u4E0D\u8F93\u5927\u58F0\u64C2 \u4E3A\u4E86\u4E0D\u670D\u5927\u58F0\u5439 \u4E3A\u4E86\u4E0D\u54ED\u5927\u58F0\u7B11 \u4E3A\u4E86\u4E0D\u70E6\u5927\u58F0\u5478\uFF09
The chorus goes something like You were my eyes when i couldnt see ? I used to know but it has been completely erased out of my mind lol =)
thanks so much can't find it there =( that's why i'm asking
I would say...1. streetlight manifesto 2. mad caddies 3. big d and the kids table 4. less than jake 5. op ivy (cuz they're not together any more) also voodoo glow skulls and catch22 get a vote...but catch22 was only good cuzza thomas kalnocky....whos is now the lead singer/guitaris for streetlight manifesto
Mine is Empires. You can download their album for free from their site; www.weareempires.com Tell me what you think :).
Thank you very much :-)
whats sum deep/sad rap songs like \" where have you been \" - beanie & jay z ..   im maken a cd nd want sum songs like that .. oh & dont say dance with the devil .. lol cuz im sure sumone will.
does anybody knows who are the 2 dudes in this music video???!??! http://youtube.com/watch?v=WbM1iYzkRYs I mean the guy with the shaved head(drums) and the guy with the \"sweetest ass in the world\")!!!!!!!!!!!!
i think the documentaries gonna air on monday, but the music is kinda dance/classical female opera-esque vocals, im fairly sure its from the 90s, sounds a bit like massive attack cept for the vocal style.
so here's what I listen to. The Academy is, AFI, Aiden, AKISSFORJERSEY, Alesana, All She Wrote, All Time Low, AntiFlag, Armor For Sleep, As Cities Burn, A Skylit Drive, A Static Lullaby, Atreyu, The Audition, Avenged Sevenfold, Before Their Eyes, The Black Dahlia Murder, Blessthefall, Blink 182, Boys Night Out, Breaking Benjamin, Bullet For My Valentine, Chevelle, Chiodos, Cobra Starship, Cute Is What We Aim For, The Dear And Departed, Dropping Daylight, Drop Dead Gorgeous, Drowning Pool, Emarosa, Escape The Fate, Evanescence, Evans Blue, Eyes Set To Kill, The Fall Of Troy, Fall Out Boy, Fair To Midland, Family Force 5, Flyleaf, From First To Last, Forever The Sickest Kids, Four Year Strong, From Aphony, Green Day, Gym Class Heroes, Hawthorne Heights, HIM, The Hush Sound, Jet Lag Gemini, Killswitch Engage, Last Of The Believers, Letter Kills, Linkin Park, Lostprophets, Madina Lake, Mayday Parade, The Medic Droid, Metro Station, Motion City Soundtrack, The Movielife. **there's more** here's the rest: My Chemical Romance, New Found Glory, New Years Day, Papa Roach, Paramore, Panic! At The Disco, Pencey Prep, The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus, Rise Against, Say Anything, Scary Kids Scaring Kids, Senses Fail, Silverstein, Simple Plan, Sixx AM, The Sleeping, Smile Empty Soul, Spitalfield, Sugarcult, Sum 41 System of a Down, Taking Back Sunday, Tokio Hotel, Tokyo Rose, The Used, Underoath, The Vincent Black Shadow, We The Kings.   so the rules are: No repeats No trash talking Keep the popularity of the bands to a minimum/  thank you
It came was on a lot about two years ago.  this guy and girl wake up and they are walking .  As they are walking they find their clothes bit bit... until the end of it they are fully dressed.  I think there is a part in it where they are in an elevator,  and the lead singer is in it with them singing.
When I was a kid,in the 40s & 50s, we had an old 78 record we used to play on our wind up gramaphone. It was \" The Wreck of the Old 97 \", by a singer called \" Smilin Billy Blinkhorne \"..on the other side was \" I`m Just a Tired Weary Cowboy\" ..I believe the singer was Canadian. do any of you oldies remember,? would it be possible to get a recording ?...Any ideas ?...thanks.
Hi there, I have a dilemma. I need to prepare 3 songs for an audition and I need your advice. I have already done I surrender by Celine Dion. This is what my voice type is like. 1)High(soprano) 3.5 octave range 2)Slow Vibrato, comes after a while, could be better 3)Good Falsetto and false to real. 4)Decent Voice control..Not so powerful.(I can't sing Whitney houston or Power of love type of songs)  I need to know some songs, on the same lines as Mariah Carey and Celine Dion which I could prepare, even something like a Josh Groban or Tiziano Ferro would do. Thanks so much. :)  I initially though of doing Bliss, but it's just not the auditioning type.
I don't know the name of the Artiest or the song name but its like a Jamaican songs and the song goes like this.  Its sad for you, you got no woman to go home too I need to find myself a woman, I need a woman.  so the song is sound like a Jamaican Artiest.  so that all I know about the song I heard it on some driver who I meet at the stop light but I wasn't able to ask him because the light turn green and I have to go left and he have to go straight so if any one please know this song please let me know by whom and where can I get his CD or Song.
Don't like metal...just alternative please.
I was really apprehensive about putting this out there, because i know im really not a very good singer. I don't have the worst voice ever, but its nothing special. Which is disappointing, but i guess i could always improve.  Anyway, any constructive criticism or suggestions are welcomed. :)  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjxzVgKMrmw Thanks liam, thats great advice. I haven't had a guitar lesson in a few years so its good to hear something from someone who seems to know what they're talking about. I'll admit im using the cheaters version of the F chord... its a bad habit i'll work on. Cheers. :)
can you tell me the names (full name) of the band members of yellowcard band ^_^ thank you... just wanna know
a lilltle girl with shining eyes her face all aglow said daddy its time for sunday school lets go they theach us there of Jesus love and how he died for all upon the cruel cross to save all of those who call oh no says daddy not to day ive worked hard all this week and i must have one day of rest im going to the creek for there i can relax and rest the fishings fine they say so run along dont bother me we'll go to church someday well months and years have passed away but daddy hears that plea no more lets go to sunday shcool my childhood days are ore' and now that daddys growing old and life is almost through he finds time to go to church but what does daughter do oh no says daughter not today ive stayed up most all night and i just have to have some sleep besides i look afright as daddy lifts a trembling hand to brush away his tear he sees a small girls smiling face with eyes all aglow as she says its time for sunday school please daddy wont you go
something really embarrassing? (with link to Youtube or similar!)  thanks guys - i need a laugh and i hate playback
K the lyrics go...  Lets do somethin with our days, lets do somethin with our nights. Lets do somethin, baby, lets do somethin with the rest of our lives..........  I'm pretty sure its a man singing it.  Thanks all   :)  xxx
I'm looking for a relatively easy song to learn on guitar that I could spend a few months on
the best dub song ever? great bands from today?  (and can you recommend the best \"golden oldie?\")
List of H-Town's Hard Hittas K-Rino, Z-ro, Trae, Gangxta Nip, Point Blank, Lil Keke, K-Water, Lil Boss, SPM, Luck Lucieno, Rasheed, Low G, Juan Gotti, Chingo Bling, Grimm, Bun B, Scarface, Big Pokey, AL-D, Willie D, Will-Lean, Dat boy Grace, Los, Lil Troy, Mr. 3-2, Chamillionaire, And Paul Wall juz 2 name a few. ALSO R.I.P. 2 The Real Legends, 2pac, Biggie, Screw, Pun, Fat Pat, Hawk, Big Moe, Pimp C
I'm comin out like the sun blazin', half man, half amazing, my flows eratic, u fiend like a dope addict, for this record label, we turnin tables, and twistin' heads, u dream of makin cheese, we breakin bread, it's Krazie Kracker, don't fu@k with the X factor, i'll unleash with the fury of a natural disaster, inside, my mind, i find myself in solitude, violence is obsolete, my vocabulary's enough to silence u, I carry big words and i'm not speakin softly, step up or step off, bit@h, back the hell off me, don't cross me, or I will cancel u, this the end of the beginning, and now i'm lettin loose.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVDB7KJMiag
1.regine velasquez 2. zsazsa padilla 3.vina morales 4.lani misalucha 5.pops fernandez   1. rico puno 2.rey valera 3.ogie alcasid 4.jose marie chan 5. martin nievera   pls pls pls!!!! i really need them!! as in now!!!
it goes something like \" get buck with it then watch me turn it down get buck with it watch me turn it down\"  HELP
Anybody know if the Waylon Jennings song \"We Had It All\" was ever re-recorded by any other people and if so, who?
When i rap im always told i have a basic flow like real old school but in a bad way and need to change it up in my songs. How would i go about doing this it seems like i can if its not to a beat but when i hear a beat i just get stuck in the same basic pattern over and over and never switch up my flow in a verse so it gets boring. is there a trick to it or any songs where the change is obviouse and i can see how its done?
hey guys n gals i wanted download songs of indian artist kk. i want all songs in RM {Real Media} or MP3 any formate. please give me some weblinks. thnxs...
5000 EURO good?  You could be anywhere (WIRE)  what do you need it for?  post response here: citizen-zero@hotmail.com
Heard this song, it's a female voice, and quite a sad song. Sorry it's so vague, but am desperate to find the song!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlfKdbWwruY
whats the best song ever by lil boosie?
hi, my dad likes the song on the vodafone add where the guy folds up everything even his girlfriend.  please help it would really be apreciated
videos music
From the music video it kinda seems that way..just wondering if anyone knows.
to get into i already got Blues on the Bayou and Riding with the King. but i need more bb king.
it's nice & relaxing....just a slow sad song......
Who is the better Prog-rock band?
I only know a liitle part of it it goes \"helmet on my head huh cuz ni**** I go dumb\" plz find this song for me I need to know the name of the song and who its by
I am looking for a remix song that I've heard at a club in Istanbul, its partly oriental partly dance-lounge kinda song. Guitar, saxophone, and oriental instruments are heard but its not at all slow, you can dance to it. It sounds like a remix of a dj and the lyrics are like \"music is my love, don't touch my love, set me free and the singer is a lady repeatedly singing those lyrics. Anyone got a clue?
heard this on the radio several time in fresno CA. some dude is rapping, and then a girl sing a chorus go something like this;  baby something is wrong, all i want to do is hold you tight, and lets make it right......  i know its hard to go on...and im not sure how it goes words for words, im hoping this is somebody favorite song and knows its off the bat.....
set it right  it swirled you round the agitation flows  no direction seemed to be true or false tried to push you up but it pulled you down it got you weak so you went drown there you are, lost in the high seas no one's around you, no body sees the water flows over your neck pinching you to make sure you're awake but if it was a dream would you get up? before the reality gives you a slap you asked the devil to tuck you in 'cause you feel better when you're unseen but you don't know when you meet your next chagrin 'cause god's above ya play the future while he grins so keep your salty tears for the right time despite of the fact that crying isn't a crime  the sky will be open for your invocations the entrance to heaven isn't based on invitation god puts a soul in ya not for making sins but he still loves even if it doesn't seem
KTLA FOX had this contest that showed the rules during 4-6am with music that sounded like surfer music almost. No lyrics. The last I heard this song was in 10/07. I really would like to know who the artist and title of this song is. I really need SoCal ppl to help me with this ........
classic rock rock alternative metal jazz classical    or any other type of music
the only part i know and can remember is \"your only sorry you got caught\" im looking it up for a friend so i need some help i need the name of  the song and who sings it please and thanks
it keeps botherin' ma mind....just wanna knoe who's tha singer....
its not really one of their hits but i cant get it out of my head. the only lyric i can come up with is \"something-some, something-some, you gotta believe something-so-um\"... by 'something', i dont know. try to meladise it.. come on i cant get it out of my head...
I live in the us and does anyone know why other countries get bonus tracks on their cd's?  How come we never get any?
like the song was written about your life?
I always hear this song it sounds like a song that is like kinda soft but may be classified as alternative or rock. It always plays and i cant like have the lyrics stick in my head. Something about a rocketship,taking,some girl to the stars,I've heard it on regular stations with ally types of music on the radio. I feel it was not written anytime before 2003 but i may be wrong.If it helps it plays in Marshall's alot.
yeah i cant find the lyrics to Gomi Tamemitai na Machi de Oretachi wa Deatta i know long ass name isnt it.  well anyways i cant find the lyrics...even though i didnt look too hard  then again ive been up all night and its like 5am now so i dont feel like looking. so if you can help thanks XD
Which are the latest  songs that belong to your top ten list...the language should be english
I want to learn how to play the keyboard but my mom wont pay for lessons is there any good dvd's that can teach beginners ?
Madda 'fact I Dare ya! Lightweights..
Do u know any song or melodies or themes or any music piece that sounds great when relating it to a memories. Example of tunes are 1)Winter Sonata (My Memory) 2) Vitamin C's GRADUATION 3) TIME OF YOUR LIFE (GOOD RIDDANCE)
I am earnestly thirsting for some instrumentals. But no electric guitar bands like e. johnson and satriani. I already have lots of them. Not classical either, I have a truckload in my folder.  I'm searching of a more modern classical approach, like keiko matsui. Does anyone know of similar instrumental bands?
if you're going to like a particular bands cd without hearing it or shelling out a tenner for it, i have a box full of cds i've bought on the strength of 1 track and the other songs are just pants....any hints/ideas?
I'm 78 years old and last night when my 62 year old girlfriend gave me a \"hand job\" a cloud of dust squirted out my penis. Has anyone else experienced this? Can I still have children? Thanks for any help
I need hindi songs with the lyrics itself  so that i can sing  karoke
come together  ,why can't this be I know you'd like to think you found me when was it that I found you When was the last time you looked up at me  I heard this song a yr ago and just again a week ago it's seriously driving me crazy. It's a med fast song kinda dance rb soul like. I believe its sung by a black man but Idk... def a guy tho.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eb0anmeK7T0  i can swear that i heard this b4 about a year ago. Is it cover? It sounds exacly the same??
At the end of the movie Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen, who really sings the song? I would really like to know, I like that song. I can't find it anywhere. Please help....
There is a new dance song out and it's basically a group of kids singing in unison sort of reminiscent of \"another brick in the wall\" style. I haven't been able to find out what it is...and I know it isn't D.A.N.C.E by Justice because the song I'm talking about is quite new. yeah I normally do that, type the lyrics in...but everytime I listen I can't seem to hear what they are.
i already have most of cascadas songs on my ipod. are there any other good techno songs?
To me, Beethoven is synonymous with exuberance and energy. Even his pieces in minor key just don't seem to have that dark, sombre depression. What depressing music did Beethoven write?  P.S. 1st movement of 'Moonlight' Sonata does not qualify, neither does 'F\u00FCr Elise'. By the way, I do have some ideas - Best Answer goes to the person who can think of the same as me, or even others which I don't know of.
The song was from 1988 and is sung by a group of people and Julie Anthoney was singing with them and the begining of the song was talking about a telegraph road and then it started saying something about sons and daughters. Does anyone know the name of this song and which group of people sing this?
Copy and paste then write your answer next to each artist ( your fav song by them )  =]  Jagged Edge  112 Avant Rihanna Neyo Usher Tyrese Ginuwine Mariah Carey Akon Chris Brown Trey Songz  Bobby Valentino Boyz II Men
any perticular brands i should look into and take into account im not made of money
There i go I run and hide Nobody will miss Something thats dead inside  In that i find What i feel Lets call it...hate Lets call it...shame  Still the memories remain As the only thing that makes me smile Then i think It was all worthwhile Can i live again???  This makes me find What i think i feel Lets call it...love Lets call it...faith  Sick and tired Still trying to decide Is it that i love or hate??? These things you all procreate  In this what do i find? All these thoughts run through my mind So what do i find??? What do we call it??? Can we call it...pain??? Can we call it....life???    This is just a rough draft.Any suggestions or tips???
The 70's singer Liv Maessen who had sung the hits ''Snowbird and ''Knock Knock Who's There'' and ''Little Green Apples'' is she still alive?
im 13 weeks pregnant and have finished my child care course now with a baby coming i have nothing to do so i have decided to take singing lessons i have always fancyed doing gigs at local pubs but need a few singing lessons first anyone know of any good tutors in north yorkshire area?
- I'm looking for not-TOO-country country. - More rocky country, I guess? As a newbie with country music I don't really know what to look for or how. Help me out here? If one more person says Carrie Underwood or Taylor Swift, I will shoot myself. They are both spoon fed by big shot music producers - I want REAL stuff, not pretty faces and cheap pop acts.   Sorry if you disagree, that's fine, I'll keep my opinion and you keep yours, alright? =)
And why or why not?   (I don't listen to much country, just recently getting into it - but so far it does seem that country is a thousand times more genuine than 90% of other genres.) Hmm. What I've seen is - most other genres have a base of pretty faces and spoon-fed music. They are nothing more than cheap acts. What I've seen so far in country (besides Carrie Underwood and Taylor Swift) is genuine people, genuine lyrics, genuine artists, genuine feelings.
I Heard This Song But Only Some Words: i didnt catch it when you threw it in my face dream on dream on you little fool its my life... ok so the song is called Dream On By forever like red Does Anyone Know Where i can get this song? or listen to it atleast?
how come you never see slipknot's group without thier masks. Are they trying to hide from publicity?
Im in a grindcore band and we need a name. Any ideas?
Upbeat song. It is like um mama ma way yo. .. In the beginning.  Pretty sure it is in a movie. 80's maybe early 90's.
There is a CD called Vivaldi - The Four Seasons, Academy of St Martin-in-the-Fields. I dont  have the CD only the tracks from it. These include the four concertos from the four seasons but also 9 other tracks(three concertos). Does anyone have this CD and know what the other pieces are called?
Some of mine include:  High Hopes (Pink Floyd) The Only Moment We Were Alone (Explosions In The Sky) Little Wing (Jimi Hendrix) Appproaching Pavonis Mons By Balloon (The Flaming Lips) Maggot Brain (Funkadelic) Fake Plastic Trees (Radiohead) 1952 Vincent Black Lightning (Richard Thompson) Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad (Moby)
it said : ...in your eye..i couldn't see it, i cant believe it ooohh but i can feel it
Like for music that is popular in other countries America: HSM, rhianna, flyleaf.. Mexico: RBD, Kudai, la factoria Russia: tatu.... japan: rurutia.. france: alizee... i need more cool singers (not too old) from russia, italy, Spain and brazil (or portugal) thank uuuu :DD   (it would be awesome if some were techno)
What do you think of The Black Keys's new album Attack and Release?
And I'd give up forever to touch you  Cause I know that you feel me somehow  You're the closest to heaven that I'll ever be  And I don't want to go home right now  Verse 2   And all I can taste is this moment  And all I can breathe is your life  Cause sooner or later it's over  I just don't want to miss you tonight  Chorus   And I don't want the world to see me  Cause I don't think that they'd understand  When everything's made to be broken  I just want you to know who I am  Verse 3   And you can't fight the tears that ain't coming  Or the moment of truth in your lies  When everything seems like the movies  Yeah you bleed just to know your alive   Chorus   And I don't want the world to see me  Cause I don't think that they'd understand  When everything's made to be broken  I just want you to know who I am  Chorus   I don't want the world to see me  Cause I don't think that they'd understand  When everything's made to be broken  I just want you to know who I am   I just want you to know who I am  I just want you to know who I am  I just want you to know who I am  I just want you to know who I am
my others is gretchen, miranda, and kelly clarkson, leeann rimes 6 days left to answer ok wat is ur fav pop singer kelly clarkson, pink mine is kelly
i wanna know cause so far i've only herd 1 good song by them
Sorry I'm not a big country music listener (YET), just now getting into it - sorry if I sound dumb ---  With other music (that I've always listened to), when people are popular and always played on the radio - we call that selling out and they change and turn to crap and fake and stuff.  Now with country music I noticed that there have been the same people up on top for a while now - are these people sellouts, or is it different with country music? Are they the talented real people who have been on top because they can be taken seriously as TALENT and more than just pretty faces?  IT'D HELP IF YOU'D TELL ME HOW country music differs from other genres in the charts/ talent/ sellout/ fans/ realness/ etc kind of way.   (sorry if you think I'm completely wrong in my observations, just tell me where you think I'm wrong haha) And feel free to give me suggestions and such Thanks =) And also -  Carrie Underwood and Taylor Swift = sellouts/crap (if you're not 14) other stuff = talent Am I right? True Or False? What makes selling out bad is that - they stop doing real work and stop being genuine.  I know that I listen to music I like and don't listen to what I don't like - but since I know nothing of the history or feel of country music, that's it.  People like Carrie Underwood and Taylor Swift DO get their songs handed to them - all they are are \"pretty\" faces.   What I'm asking about I suppose is, is country music MORE GENUINE THAN OTHER GENRES?
It reminded me of The Ting Tings  or The Kills with a Lily Allen feel to it.   I know that it is recently new and I feel like I have also heard it before on a show like the Real World Hollywood or Gossip Girl or something.   From what I remember, there was something in the lyrics about counting \"one two three\" and being like \"a b c\" or something. Its not, obviously, ABC by the Jackson 5, but its very modern, poppy, and techno-ish.   Help? Oh, and it was a female singer. I just want to emphasize that it was very electro/techno sounding that sounds like Kate Nash (minus the accent), The Kills, The Ting Tings, or Lily Allen.   The female singer, from what I can remember, sounded kinda Asian-ish? I dunno.
One of my bands has been looking for gigs, but most venues and festivals are looking for professional acts, seeing as how they're all spontaneously getting back together. Any ideas?
Okay, I have a good voice and everything, but how the HELL do I get noticed??? HELP!
My Answer:  Tough question.  Well, I'm going to have to pick Erasure.  They are not as dark as Depeche Mode, and have more synth pop fun cheery songs.  Besides, the Depeche I prefered was when Erasure member Vince Clark was in the group (with songs like \"I Just Can't GEt enough\", \"What's your Name\", etc.)  Am not a big fan of Depeche Mode's later albums minus Vince Clark.  What about you good people?  Depeche Mode or Erasure?
ok i think it was in 2000 when i was staying in florida i have no idea who made it or what the name of the song is but i remember some words from the song \"I started selling dope back in 1986 I bought a Cadillac and put them thangs on that bitch The brains blowed out with them whited leather seats Fienders screaming for that butter cause that other shit is weak I was only 17 had the neighborhood hooked Had em stealing out they crib cause my crack tasted like ribs I'm up in the morning with tha rest of these rookies You out here selling these dimes bitch I'm out here selling these cookies\"  and he kept saying take that shit to trial bitch
when you can't hear the voice your audience hears? should i sing to someone and ask them? i have and they say i'm great, but i'm suspicious they may be lying, because when i hear myself recorded i sound horrible. whadafxup? thanks answers for everyone.. but i believe shes gone alittle deaf.. but i never thought of that, will do. (; well why is it that i sing really really good to myself but when i hear myself i sound horrible? is it the cheap recorder possibly or is it just me? and is it like this to everyone? how do famous singers get over the fact that they have two voices, the one they hear and the one others hear? will getting a proffesional microphone help me get used to my 'audience' voice?
What does it mean????   it seems unchristian...... i heard their other songs and they have a great message.... on some i'm confused.. but I'm more confused on \"Burning Up\"... the seem 2 different music videos of \"burning up\" on Disney Channel.. and it seems different then the song.... oh okay, but what does the song mean?
I like dont stop believing, take me home tonight, and dont stop believing any other like this from other artsits?
The words sound arabic to me, but i'm not sure. It has cool dirty lead synth sounds. And now and then, you can hear a female vocal of two words - \"No Problem\".
i wanna love you for everything you are, your everything to me...i think these are part of the lyrics. its a woman singing the song..i really like this song but i do not know who it is or what the name of the song is...if someone could help that would be AWESOME!!
whay does the song \"Smalltown Boy\" mean what are they talking about?
i heard this song on a local rock station. it had a little bit of a techno sound to it  and the only lyrics i can remember were \"you're just a mama's boy\" if my memory serves me well, im pretty sure a male sang it .  any ideas ? thanks .
I was just watching 1700, and it had this fabulous song that had the lyrics 'intergalactic' in it. The bands lead singer was asian, but I don't think the rest of the band were. The clip had lots of light effects. Please help! It's not Beastie Boys. It's not Babylon Zoo either.
like i wanna find a band or a song that is like a good rockband or like anykind of rock (well anything except Rap and Country kinda stuff) or eletronica that has like video game beats or songs or sounds w/e in them if you know what i mean. i need help please help! Thanks Nil Recurring the Hello Meow and Tangerine Dream is awesome!!! Thanks again! I Will soon give you best answer so stay tight.
plz tell me???
preferably good house music or bumpy r'n'b/hip hop, i dont mind dance music as long as its not too techno, any suggestions??
I'm making a mix of entrancing slow music to play when my boyfriend and I are just laying down relaxing, when we open up to each other about things.  If you listen to a few of these songs I already have and know some more that are the same pace and are kind of sad or romantic then leave the artist name and song title please and thank you.  Here is what I have so far: Sia - Breathe Me Lifehouse - Everything Lifehouse - Storm Metallica - Fade to Black Red - Pieces  <3
good techno to listen to while your rolling
ok well does anyone know where i can download this song from http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jj48lol4n1Y like i tried searching on limewire and i did find one but its not the full song and the mp3 link that the uploader gave i have no idea how to download it like i clicked it but it only opens it on windows so any one know any sites where i can get this song or then if you have it then can u please send it to me and thank you : )
http://youtube.com/watch?v=0FJscJA3qN4  http://youtube.com/watch?v=oGgH0hhOjCY  http://youtube.com/watch?v=J-7KJpSE06E  http://youtube.com/watch?v=UDCDrcZK4NE  http://youtube.com/watch?v=nCnqDvvZrcM  http://youtube.com/watch?v=QIO0nbDEKAQ Oh And This One.  http://youtube.com/watch?v=BD09qfBFaw0
its instrumental so its killing me! i call the radio station i hear it on but never get through! i believe it came out around the 90's!  the best i can do is write the beat ....( dun dun dun dun! dah DAH DAH DAA DAH ! dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun .... and so on .
the lyrics are kinda like this youre my best friend youl always be my best friend at the end please answer thanks
its on tiger woods pga tour 2004
the easy road 1974 If you're looking for a place You can fly together And you're really afraid of What you're leaving behind Take the easiest road But take care my brother For you'll never find peace With a troubled mind  Far better to love each other Than to worry so deeply \u00A1\u00AEbout the place you're in And far better to kiss her softly Than lookin' back on a love You'll never have again  Time's as fickle as The sky in winter And two hearts always Were better than one Love has the wings Of a tireless angel She'll stay beside you Till the day is done La la la la la ... You'll never have again No no no, never again why people cannot make the music like this nowadays?
does anyone have this songs lyrics, its off the vodafone add, i can only make out the first couple of verses.
are there full english lyrics or full vidoe in english?
name it here.  with the song title.  thx bbys<3
I don't think it has any lyrics however it has a very distinct tone. The song is synthesized and has a high pitch hanging note that holds a bit and then 4 notes play in ~1 second intervals with the pitch of each note getting lower than the last one. Then back to the higher pitched note. It repeats through the song.
Anyone know any good indie covers of rap or hip/hop or r&b songs
hi all my father died 2 mounths ago and i am still in denile,, can't think about it,, i was in another country when he died and i came back a day after to see him dead,,  our relationship was not that good in the past cause of my mother,, but as i grew i knew what a loving father he was,, and when our relationship started to be good (happened when he got bad diseas) he died and a night before he dies i called and he told me that he is soo sick and he'll die and then for the first & last time i said \" i love you\" i know i'm talking to much,, sorry for that but i think i need to listen to a music,, watch a video,, a movie  i need to tell him how sorry i'm that we could not get along for along time and that i wanted to tell him so many things but did not have enough time and how i miss him  so any ideas for a good song or anything?? i'll really appreciate it :)
I need you guys to help me figure what song these lyrics are for please i have been trying to figure these out for days, here they are \"im just a kid and life is a nightmare im just a kid but i know that its not fair\"
So I'm addicted to Bach, loving the violin concertos (and the harpsichord ones too) Are there any composers similar to him? I like violin music especially fast and emotional stuff.  Concerto for 2 violins in Dm,BWV 1043-Allegro is my favorite, anything like that you know of that isn't Bach?! The spelling of addicted is a personal choice, so don't moan about it :)
which one would be hard to play on the drums on rock band on expert? Storming the burning fields or Kings of the carnival creation
I am considering taking piano lessons but i don't know how many keys the keyboard i need to buy will need. There are like 61, 76, and 88 ones with prices going up from more keys. So, how many keys do i need?
http://www.universalstudioshollywood.com/
Theres an adult swim commercial and theres a party song and its like techno and rock and it sings \"Party party party, I really need to party, partypartyparty and it keeps saying party party party.  Does anybody know the songs name? Thanks
I know already off the top of my head im Downloading Blackstar Im Considering Doe or Die and Only Bulit 4 Cuban Linx.  I need in your opinon the best album for the following which I should download.  Inspectah Deck Method Man Ghostface Killah Gangstarr Common Royce Da 5'9 UGK
were theres like a car and someone in bed  who wakes up then theres like a car crash and theres a boy and girl and he or she like tires to save him or her. i dont remember it so well. its some rock band. idk.......
I need to know what type of music you should play if you want to be a street musician...(i play the flute, and was thinking about doing a duet with my friend) were not doing it for money... just for fun =P also are there any rules you have to know before you go out there to play?
do u know any??? any other songs...
Hey, saw this music video around 2000 on cmt.  Been bugging me to hear it again. The band consist of 2 young male, 2 young female.  The video took place at a desert highway.  One girl was blonde and ther other is brunette.  They had a pop sound.  I know its not alot to go on, but maybe someone knows it.  I havent heard from them since then , they probably disbanded after 2 hits.  Its not little big town or highway 101.
Favorite song off of Nas' New album?  An artist who you just recently got into?  Best [released] album of the year so far? It's not 'released' it leaked
It's a song from the early 90's. It is one of those songs that gets stuck in your head for weeks. It was on a movie soundtrack, but I can't remember the movie. It's a down tempo song, with a female vocalist, and it's a bit redundant.
pls give me the english lyrics of that song cause i want to know the meaning of that song in english???plz...
I CANT STOP LISTENING TO THEM!!!!!!
Insane Clown Posse.  Not wicked the musical!
where cna i download FREE mp3 music??!!!! (for some reason am not allowed to download from torrents,,sooo i need a good site):(:(:(
thank you so much! u kan totally just make it up but not the bones and i kinda need it to  go in order doesnt matter which way just need it to rhyme u kan start with the song and just make your own lyrics
I think Alexi Laiho takes the cake for Skwissgar. Maybe Cannibal Corpse's lead guy for Nathan. Toki could be anybody. Pickles is probably too fake to consider, the same goes for Muderface.  But who knows? Surprise me if you dare!
its from the K-drama, \"\uD5EC\uB85C!\uC560\uAE30\uC528\" and i want it. if you have it and would like to give it to me or a place where i can download it (not limewire) my email is donnyboyallstar@yahoo.com thank you all so much
Hi You know the song \"When I grow Up\" By PCD Well in the Chorus what does groupies mean I've heard lots of different meanings  If you know please tell
I know of: Koda Kumi, Gackt, Dir en Grey, BoA, Ayumi Hamasaki, Puffy Ami Yumi, Malace Mizer, and DBSK. I really want to know some great chinese artists so if you have any, please let me know and the name of some of their good songs
Well, I know they have a new album. New album=world tour? Okay, so I'm going to Australia this Christmas. Do you think they will have a world tour? If so, do you think they would be in Oz?? One more question, how much do you think their tickets will cost?  -Ta :) Yes thank you, but I did mean Australia lol Actually, lady #3, they ARE still together, and I'm from WA, so I'm not completely clueless Did you really think Angus's biggest fan would really not know about a new album? lol
hi i am from india, 13....i sing western songs very well, with the same American accent and wud like to be discovered by the world, what should i do? I think no compan wud want an indian as their singer, but i am really good at it....
Okay well i went out to lunch the other day with some friends and heard this song that i really really liked, i think i heard \"i can't explain\" i know its a guy singer and it must be a fairly new song because i've only heard it a few time, any ideas on what the song is much appreciated! thanks! :)
I wonder if people who say they hate Country Music have ever even really discovered anything, because most seem ignorant about it. I hear so many say they hate Country, but like Johnny Cash. Personally I think Johnny Cash was hardly the best Country music singer- Marty Robbins was wayyy better. So anyways, isnt there at least one country song/artist you like?  I think Patsy Cline was the best !  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkkM7K6smQA I see. I may get bashed for this, but Cash is like the token Country Artist that almost everyone likes (.i.e. people who hate Country) but to me he was almost bereft of true musical talent. True he had a unique style, but he was by no means the best male Country singer.  Marty Robbins had the best voice. Cash I dunno had the Rock attitude I guess.
I have heard this song ALOT, and it is bothering me not to be able to know what it is and who sings it. I know the tune, I am humming it right now in my head!lol But it sounds like it is an 80's song. And the lyrics I can remember are:  I could say day, you would say night...  Why does it always have to be, me looking at you, you looking at me..It's just a shame...  This feeling from my head down to my toes..  That's all I could remember!! But it has a catchy beat. Thank you!!!
Are there any web sites (free) that helps me write songs
My best friend is moving.  Does anyone know a song that could describe how I'm feeling? I feel lost without her.
If so, what's your favorite song and album by him?  http://youtube.com/watch?v=y4jg7oY9RvQ If you don't, what do you think of the song I posted? B-More G: Yeah, I would say so. His \"Word... Life\" album is a classic in my opinion. All his albums are dope though.
What's a goon to a goblin?
its like a repeated rhyme book the problems i got are handpicked im kinda like the that cat that smiles real sick he smiles whenever, but his real emotions are over looked no one can know the feelings that shook but he can dissapear and i envy it and i hate how real rappers go unnoticed while fake ones appear like lil children who all go down the same slide but somehow they go on to make millions what i write down is emotion, nothing more than that thats just what they lack, they got no soul to rock at my experience is limited but my mind's eye is endless like a divine comedy my soul's depth isn't continuous  to each his own though, you cant win em all my problems are cliche and in retrospect they seem so small i know some lines dont rhyme that well butim sure a good flow can take care of that what are multies?
Why is Rock music so popular? I like some, but most of it is simply unlistenable. Im more into Country/Folk and Jazz . I dont udnerstand the appeal because a lot of them cant sing very well and the loud electric guitars  and the lyrics really arent very good. I have yet to hear any singer in Rock with a decent voice. I hear plenty in Country and other genres. Is Rock more for guitar players or guitar fans? Im a keyboard player/singer so maybe thats why Rock doesnt do much for me. What about Cow-Punk>?  Thats a form of Country Punk Music. Couldnt you try to like that? I like SONGS. I have yet to hear any good ROck songs. They are all just about beats. That aint music. Lyrics and melody is whats music. And also where are the Keyboards and Pianos in Rock music? They are virtually unheard of. In Country and other genres, they have more piano. Patsy Cline could sing circles around Aretha Franklin. Smashing Pumpkins are almost everything I hate about Rock Music. Terrible songs, terrible voices, and lots of PRETENSE.
okay, i use to be a fairly good singer before puberty, but in the transition from childhood to manhood i did a lot with my band and i didn't know how to sing well, and i ended up yelling alot more than i was singing, i didn't know how to breathe properly. now that i'm 16 and i don't think my voice is going to change much more, i still have a good voice, if not a more original one, i have some range, but i have NO falsetto. i can hit it every now and then, and i can yell and be loud and what not, i can breathe better now. anyways, my question. did i kill my voice when i was \"singing\" but didn't know how to breathe and how can i hit a higher register, it doesn't have to be falsetto. also, how can i develop a more aggressive voice without hurting myself?
are there any more bands like we the kings and fall out boy?Great rock bands? Any altenative bands?
Bands like  - Arctic Monkeys - Oasis - Franz Ferdinand - The Libertines - The Subways
It's the song from the end of the cadillac escalade ad. I mean, the Cadillac CTS
so i say goodbye, your a mighty good friend of mine,we used to hang from time to time
lyrics of the song angel by tres band
these r not hip hop...so those who dont like anything but that...this may be unhygienic!!!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RztR4E12dGU (Spastic Ink)  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xm8OX0kgGSg (Watchtower)  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QHoxZ6Zw47g (Petrucci)  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bYTY3DxMEnY (Tony Macalpine)  what dyu think of these songs??..any good?
this is a long shot but I watched this video in Kuala Lumpur during a music tune show. the song is in english, there are two girls who are in their early twenties who are the singers (they are blacked haired and are cacausin) and in the video there is a party with a guy jumping in a pool.
How to i put that text that says my name, song album and stuff in the bottem left corner! i need it!
Tough but I'm going to have to go with my gurl Miley....hahahah I'm just kidding it was just a joke......
Artists such as Common, Talib Kweli,The Roots, etc. I'm looking for more underground stuff, but mainstream'll do too.
I kno its called \"Alone\"  A part of the song is like i standing up but everyone else is sitting down..  Who is it by?  Thank you
i dont rly know how the song goes it some thing like i went down somewhere thats all the song i rly know so if you know the band well maby you could help me out thanks ohh first to anwser corectly get best anwser
Before the rock the vote part in the movie black sheep, with chris farley, there is a song that goes:  got no \"something\" got no \"something\" and everybody got a problem with me  or something like that, if you know what it is please post.
better than older cd's? major label debut..?
Are there any bands similar to Escape the Fate? If so, can you name a few?
Well my band has recordings that were recorded live and i think they are pretty decent. You can hear them on  www.myspace.com/thecardioline  I need opinions on wether they're decent recordings from an indie self managed band. If not can anyone help me find a place to record for really cheap or anyone willing to help us record? Thanks in advanced to everyone.
Does anyone know a song that is about someone who worries too much or about \"worry\" I would like it if it was a more of a rock beat but if not o well please any suggestions welcomed would appreciate it!!!!
anyone know any Hip hop groups like Atmosphere? mainly their song sunshine  Heres their Myspace  http://www.myspace.com/atmosphere
there is a song i heard on the radio and there are girls in the background goind ba ba ba ba ba can anyone help? if you have heard it then you know what it is......cmon! no its not the gym class heroes song......
 What's your song of the day*
I really love to listen to all kinds of music, but most of all, my favorite genres is rock, metal, or anything falls under guitars, drums, etc. But, what really sucks is whenever I listen to metal, I couldn't really understand what they're singing and I have to look up for lyrics online. And I really don't like to do that. Is there any tips to not get confused what they're singing? I just really wish to have those talent-s/gift-s to comprehend the vocals. Most of you might say that I have to listen to more metals.
SHIT! nothing makes sense.... so i wont think about it
i work at pac sun and i hear this song all the time but i cant remember any of the words. just that it sounds like the guy is saying \"buy me juice\" or something close to that.
im making a short video with pictures of my little niece and im looking for a nice song to go in the background of the slide show! anu ideas?
I was just wondering how people sign up for the Scribble Jam rap competition. I am planning on participating in a few years from now but I dont even know how to sign up. Im pretty sure its not as easy as signing up on a piece of paper or anything. Do you have to have a record label also? Im just confused on how you get into these competitions.
i am listing to Ol' Dirty Bastard - Brooklyn Zoo, Ol' Dirty Bastard - Baby C'Mon , ODB \"You Don't Want To Fuck With Me\"   he was crazy but he was a genius , Rap went down hill since he has been gone in my opinion.  what your fav odb song.
Most of the Atheist songs I see are metal, but not the sort of metal I like, I don't like the virtually imcomprehensible lyrics or where most of the song is growled. I would really like some nice country music Atheist songs, maybe some harmony, or pop, rock, hard rock, punk, anything where I can hear the lyrics really, but preferably with a good tune and/or beat. Independent artists are fine too. Of course I have things like Imagine, Dear God, and a whole bunch by Bad Religion (Ace band! Music like that is just like what I'm after), as well as a few other songs.  So what are some good Atheist songs, that aren't metal, that you could recommend? I meant Atheistic songs, not songs by  a band called Atheist.
Rock music is so overrated, IMO. Country has peopel that can actually sing, write their own songs, and play multiple instruments. The lyrics are better and the songs too. Rock music is mostly screaming, and bands that all sound the same with little talent or inspiration.  PATSY CLINE is the best singer who ever lived. I love Country Music, but I just dont understand the appeal of Rock Music. Im a true music lover, but I wonder why everyone likes Rock and not Country  Please explain? That is NOT TRUE!  I am not a redneck. And Country is not Redneck. Only some types are. Its A very BIG genre. I dont think you know anything about Country Music. Are you talking about REAL Country music or the Horrible stuff they play on the radio which isnt Country but a Fake Twanged Pop with people who are almost as bad as Pop Music? This is REAL Country http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkkM7K6smQA Their voices are AMAZING! Rock Music people CANNOT sing .. They SCREAM and sing off key.  And I dont mean Tim McGraw or anything \"Country\" Artist that people think is Country but are NOT. Im talking about Johnny Cash, Patsy Cline, Marty Robbins, Jim Reeves, Suzy Bogguss, Meade Skelton, Dwight Yoakam, John Denver, etc etc etc Um, Country-Rock is a form of Country Music also!  And also Country Music has plenty of emotion in it. I will agree Rock has more beat and energy, but the lyrics often sound like they were written by a 5-year-old. I prefer lyrics and melody over beat. Do they have that on vinyl? Because I dont listen to CDs. They sound awful! I see your point  But Country Music has ENDLESS sub genres- even more so than Rock! Western Swing,BlueGrass, Rockabilly, Pop Country, New Wave Country, Country Rock, Folk, NewGrass, I could go on and on and on. Um, do you think all Country songs cry about how terrible life is? In fact, even in Old Country Music, there arent many that do that. Thats such an exaggeration. There is many upbeat joyous Country songs that tell stories. Rock singers are better? I cant think of any.   But then again, vocals arent the main thing in Rock. Guitars are. Country Music has plenty of sub genres. Most people dont know about Western Swing, NewGrass, CowPunk, Rockabilly, Country Rock, Folky Pop, etc.  Its all in there.  In fact, Country is probably even more diverse than Rock is.  The problem I have with Rock is that its not song driven like Country music is based on  songs. Rock is just based on different beats and it gets old really fast because its all about the beat and not about lyrics and songcraft. Hip Hop is not Rock. Nor is Bubblegum Pop
I heard it on kiis fm.... and all i know is it has to do with \"happy\" or something to that effect... it has a child choir, and a simple beat. But it was definitely a rap singer, I think? :x
Set Adrift on Memory Bliss???
Everytime I put him in there he just cries...and for some reason he keeps crawling out and going to the bathroom... of all places!!!  and by the way..this is serious. i dont want other kids to laugh at him or think he's wierd or anything! btw he's fourteen. almost thirteen
My favorite band name is Joy Division.
what do you think this song means...its When it rains by paramore   http://www.lyrics.com/lyric.php?id=38290
http://youtube.com/watch?v=k2EEyhcFVbY
name and artist please !! that song use the chorus from stayin alive by the bee gees, I want this song !!
Try to top this song- one of the best depressing songs ever made. This song is a great song on so many levels.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5LeLAELIxKY and not emo depressing songs  those suck
That you are like the outcast  of your family and you feel  like your the only person who is alone and left out.  THEY HAVE TOO BE ROCK SONGS! JedaSoul<3: I think the song your talking about is called \"Perfect\" by Simple Plan.  : )  I like that song.
it was a rock song i heard on the radio. i picked up some of the lyrics so if you can help i would really appreciate it. its something like:   High speed and fuel burning...like a freight train...i push it to the floor countdown...on the highway takin off like a jet plane
Black Sabath, Iron Maiden, Judas Priest, Megadeth, Alice Cooper, early Metalica and the like are some of my favorite music. The only problem is, you can only listen to the same songs over and over again for so long. Are there any more modern bands that have similar sounds to any of these? Clean vocals are a must, and of course I love gratuitous guitar solos.
i cant remember the name of it please help.
<object width=\"425\" height=\"344\"><param name=\"movie\" value=\"http://www.youtube.com/v/8bmQkCqB3tI&hl=en&fs=1\"></param><param name=\"allowFullScreen\" value=\"true\"></param><embed src=\"http://www.youtube.com/v/8bmQkCqB3tI&hl=en&fs=1\" type=\"application/x-shockwave-flash\" allowfullscreen=\"true\" width=\"425\" height=\"344\"></embed></object>
I'm trying to build a playlist of some 90s pop songs... some of them already on there are:  Deep Blue Something- \"Breakfast at Tiffany's\" Goo Goo Dolls- \"Slide\" Matchbox Twenty- \"3 am\" Natalie Imbruglia- \"Torn\" The Cardigans- \"Kiss Me\" Train- \"Meet Virginia\"   Please help me!!! I'm stuck, and I refuse to leave it this small! Thanks.
lyrics of your own?not from a song that like copyrited or anything.thx :DD!
what is the song list for the burnign up tour?
I love them. Whats your favourite album by them?  Mine is The Piper at the Gates of Dawn
Its a male artist that sings it. The song talks about how he was sad and had  a broken heart and says \" i tried to close my eyes from the fears\" i only just heard it today so i apoligize for the lack of information
bad quality cuz me and some friends were rapping on the mic,so as i was playing the songs back i came across the beat i wanted to hear even though the recording only caught 8 seconds of it,cant really hear it but if anoyone knows the name of it lemme know here is the link  http://youtube.com/watch?v=YDV9s4yejaE
for me, its  \"If\" by bread  second to that is \"more than words\" by extreme
I heard just about every Nas song and I need to hear some that no one heard of. I listen to every album so what are some songs that you might think I never heard?
what is this song and who sung it?  (Verse 1) I'm hot You're cold You go around Like you know Who I am But you don't You got me, on my toes  (Chorus) I'm slipping into the lava And I'm trying keep from going under Baby You turn the temperature hotter Cause I'm burning up Burning up With you baby  (Verse 2) I fell(I fell) So fast(so fast) can't hold Myself, back High heels(high heels) Red dress(red dress) All by yourself Gotta impress  (Chorus) I'm slipping into the lava And I'm trying keep from going under Baby You turn the temperature hotter Cause I'm burning up Burning up With you baby
Its a pretty sick rap song, it would be great if you could help me out
The Bassist of My Chemical Romance is married and im trying to figure out if his wife is pregnant. can u peoples help me?
The song i am looking for has the windpipes in the background similar to the one's in Eastern Winds
I always wanted to know what its called when you mix hip hop with like electro or techno
It's on MySpace. It went kinda like:  Haku You're just like an A-N-B-U member Do you remember  [forgot the rest]  I used to think that you were a pretty hot chick Then I noticed that this lady's got a dick Well, you are a guy, but that's okay  [and such.]  Let's go do it in the forest! With all the squirrels Watching us  [or something.]  So yeah. That should be enough for you to recognize the song. kthxbai.
I'm Really Into Bands Like Toiko Hotel And Kaiser Cheifs, So Something Like That ae.
Any suggestions for somone who likes the following songs? (in no particular order)  Never Too Late- 3 Days Grace Diary of Jane- Breaking Benjamin Home- 3 Days Grace Fully Alive- Flyleaf Firefly- Breaking Benjamin Until the End- Breaking Benjamin I Hate Everything About You- 3 Days Grace Breath- Breaking Benjamin Ill Attack- 30 Seconds to Mars Stan- Eminem/Dido All Around Me- Flyleaf Animal I Have Become- 3 Days Grace Beautiful Lie- 30 Seconds to Mars Forever- Breaking Benjamin  Thanks
im trying to figure out the name and composer of a very famous classical piano piece. okay, you know when something dramatic happens, people will use the phrase, dun dun dun dunnn? well they are refering to a piano song, and i just cant find out whats the name and who wrote it.
just wondering if you do he has been around a while and is awsome but doesn't seem to ghave a lot of fans im a jew and i want to make this guy popular cuz he is better than 99% of the guys out there now
i don't get this cause its kind of freaky. when i was 12 i listened to myself sing for the first time in like forever and when i did i found i could sing 2 different voices, nothing a like. and I've tried to put them together to make one beautiful voice but i just can't. like they each have a mind of its own. well what i want to know is...is this normal, and does anyone else have something like it? i know my other voice is not my head voice, but i know when i sing with one voice i can go higher and with the other i can go lower but when i play like a \"C\" on the piano and sing it in one voice it sounds so different in the other but both work and i will change my voice to what ever one fits the song better. i don't really know how to explain it. they sound like two different peoples voices. is there anyone that has this???
i'm almost thirteen years old.I've been singing since i was 4. i love it soo much. its always been a dream of mine to be a professional singer.if you know a talent scout please contact me.
Dont forget to add us on myspace also www.myspace.com/dalyricalsquad new song name is: We're fly... leave comment on the myspace plz/// no negative comments if so then leave it..:P
its not the guitar itself ... its like ... somehow maybe the microphone ...? what is it!?
Some lyrics are:  New Kids on the Block had a bunch of hits,  Chinese food makes me sick  (then it talks about summer, and having one wish, and then it says:)  I like girls who wear Abercrombie and Fitch.   Thank you! Can you include the artist and possibly what year it came out in? Thanks!!!!!!
What is the song in the intro of this amv?  (no fire and flames)  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lW_btc_2cMQ
I see the same people on here all the time so what do you do in life. We hate on eachother religously and I kno most of ya'lls favorite rappers and kno exactly how much you hate lil wayne so are ya'll still in school or have jobs?  I'll go first. I'm 18, dropped out at 15, and detail cars during the day. I kno I made some bad decisions in life.
I'm 14. and I've only been singing to myself for 3 years as hobby. I don't know if my voice has changed yet but I've had my tonsils cut in surgery. Does that affect anything? or I noticed that I can sing some songs or notes well or okay. But on the most of high notes I can't hit them. Is there a way that can make me get better and be able to hit them? I really want to know some ways to help exercise my vocal cords. And should I take lessons even though I'm shy to sing in front of people? And does anyone know a way to make me not so shy at singing in front of people?
there is a song on the school of rock movie.but idk who it is by. it is a rock song & im not sure if there iz lyrics n tha song.  it is playin in the background wen dewey and the kids r in hiz van..plz help...thanx
I want one that is NOT live.
im kinda 50/50 on my band name 'Fear me for i am Death' its a down a$$ name but i kinda want to change it   any suggestions? and we are a metalcore band
I like bands like this: My Chemical Romance System Of A Down The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus The Killers Three Days Grace Linkin Park and other bands like that Show me a new one that you may think I would like
HEY EVERYONE, I JUST BOUGHT ME A FENDER, AMP 2 INSTRUCTIONAL VIDEOS AND ELECTRIC TUNER, THE VIDEOS HAVENT GOT HERE YET, BUT I WAS TOLD THERE IS A SOFTWARE OUT THERE THAT HELPS ME PLAY WHILE I'M ON THE COMPUTER, IT SHOWS THE NOTES I HIT WHILE I'M IN PLAY ALONG, I LOOKED ON THE COMPUTER FOR 3 HOURS AND COULDN'T FIND ANYTHING, IF I FOUND SOMETHING CLOSE TO IT, IT WOULDN'T SPECIFICALLY SAY IT HAD A ANIMATED FRETBOARD AND WOULDN'T SHOW ME MY CHORDS, CAN ANY ONE PLEASE WHAT THE NAME OF THESE PROGRAMS ARE, THE MORE ANSWERS I RECIEVE THE BETTER, I'LL LOOK INTO ALL OF THEM, THANKS SO MUCH
It talks about his girlfriend slowly letting go. Please help me
On the Way Down by Ryan Cabrera Anyone have the actual chords?
we should break up coz baby i love when we kiss and make up? i knoe its like old but anyways :L
ok my boyfriend wants me to make him a bull riding cd and i need help putting songs on it. he gave me a few examples like headin to the rodeo by colby yates, paradise city and welcome to the jungle by guns n roses and holler back by the lost trailers....but i need like 15 more please help!!
Primus - Kalamazoo http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=palgqrDSVjs  Les Claypool Bass Solo http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0EmTvgUILQ  Les Claypool's Frog Brigade - Shine On You Crazy Diamond 1 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UHAQxEHF8_Y&feature=related  Les Claypool - Electric Funeral http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsicTPUn1P0&feature=related   Les Claypool's Frog Brigade - Pigs  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjQrUSeZi2c  Colonel Claypool's Bucket of Bernie Brains opening jam http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LjOM5YjMZ8w
I really love acoustic music. [example - the scene aesthetic] so could you give me some bands like them or acoustic bands.? kthanks(:
i have a half stack and im bout to try to record and i dont know if i should bring my cab whenever all im doing is plugging straight into a computer and recording like that
people talk smack about many rappers as wiz kafikah and shawty lo. They are good rappers trying to make a hit with catchy lyrics. like lollipop, it has bad lryics but it catchy. Lil Wayne frist song all he said was drop like it hot repeatly. Only because he is lil wayne they say he is good.   Like T I song No matter what people say Shawty Lo sucks but he never made a song with a tight slow beat with thight lyrics El prez got a point though im tryin to say if your a big name rapper your rhymes will usally get rated high. If your a beginner you need to do twice better to get rated high
I seriously need the instrumental version of this song. So if anyone of you who knows a website which has a instrumental version and is downloadable, please let me know. I'm desperate. Thanks.
HEY EVERYONE, I JUST BOUGHT ME A FENDER, AMP 2 INSTRUCTIONAL VIDEOS AND ELECTRIC TUNER,  THE VIDEOS HAVENT GOT HERE YET, BUT I  WAS TOLD THERE IS A SOFTWARE OUT THERE THAT HELPS ME PLAY WHILE I'M ON THE COMPUTER, IT SHOWS THE NOTES I HIT WHILE I'M IN PLAY ALONG, I LOOKED ON THE COMPUTER FOR 3 HOURS AND COULDN'T FIND ANYTHING, IF I FOUND SOMETHING CLOSE TO IT, IT WOULDN'T SPECIFICALLY SAY IT HAD A ANIMATED FRETBOARD AND WOULDN'T SHOW ME MY CHORDS, CAN ANY ONE PLEASE WHAT THE NAME OF THESE PROGRAMS ARE, THE MORE ANSWERS I RECIEVE THE BETTER, I'LL LOOK INTO ALL OF THEM, THANKS SO MUCH  JOE
click click bang bang step to me ill spill ya brains oozin out like redish tang F wit me you get the blame don't play with fire ull get the flame and like a lion im tameless im crazy im insane ill go apeshiz on you cuz im brainless first i gave ur mom aids now she need first aid cuz my wang got her screamin so loud that blood poor outta her ears like red gatorade and i came to stay through the controversy i laugh cuz at the end of the day u can't hate all you want but im gonna make to the top anyway why rap about real things all the time. u homo white person who can rap. even the best rapped about themselves. if you don't know that go listen to every biggie and a lot of the older artitsts music.
It has like Akon in it and is says  \"those guys wanna come treat you right cuz ur sweeter than apple pie\"
Metal songs about hate twoard parents and/or child abuse. Songs like these:  Disturbed-down with the sickness otep-home grown machine head-days turn blue to grey  If you get what I mean, and it has to be by a metal band.
I heard this song briefly the other day, but I really have no info about it, the only thing that is stuck in my mind is the line:  \"she opens what's closed in my eyes\"  and I could be wrong about \"she\" & \"my\".. It could have been more like \"they open what's closed in your eyes\"  I really can't remember :( but it's something along those lines. I know this is a long shot, but any help would be appreciated!  Thanks :)
Well, I just bought a new fender jazz bass, and I sold my old gear (including my cable) and I'm gonna buy a new amp and cable. The amp is already bought, but I've got a question about the cables. The only Monster bass cables (which I am totally obsessed with and will not trade for any other cable) are 40 bucks, and I'm on a budget. So I have to get the lowest price possible. There is another option, and it's the GUITAR monster cable. here's a link to it.  http://www.musiciansfriend.com/product/Fender-Standard-Jazz-Bass?sku=516042  I just wanna know if I should use it for my bass or not. Will it blow my amp? Ruin the electronics in my bass? Or is it just the same as a bass cable? Please answer! I wanna play this jazz on an amp so badd..
I see this all the time so I thought I'd try. Keep in mind I'm just an amateur. Also that second line wasn't stolen from the previous rate my rap question you can just chech my answer.  I am so fresh i just came from the bakery And I am so fly even birds hatin me Flew off the charts now even god is chasin me I am so heavenly I am an angel My rap is real ya raps a jingle Put it in a ad For bargain bin rap Put my music in a commercial Impossible I'm too controversial Cause I'm faster than  my pistols My rhymes are crystal They see right through you and they're unbreakable Cause when my pen hits the paper Ink flies and paints the walls So I don't know what you take me for Just know ya gettin what you're payin for  Yeah. Not my greatest but not horrible. I know not to brag too much. Many of my raps I write real things. But right now I'm felling a little braggish. I especially liked that line about the diamond so I put it in. Oh yeah I might hear shit for ths but I was modeling it to be like A Millie just reppin myself. I'll make meaningful stuff in the future.
nah i was watching weekend sunrise nd when they showed a pic of perth (random) a song came on and i had nostalja except its annoying me coz i dnt remember the name of the song  it went:  do do doo do do do do do, here we go (repeats 4 times)  and i think it had the lyrics \"i got the music in me\"  plese help  IVE ASKED EVERYONE AND THEY WERENT SURE!!!
they use the same kind of music i find ;D its like the same music in a way? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ma9I9VBKPiw this is Fluorescent Adolescent by arctic monkeys,  then twist and shout by the beatles http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=faVTixv81IQ
..i want to touch you?  im not really 2 sure how it goes, i hear it when im in town they play it in shops and stuff... and heard it once in the car.. but i never get the name of it.. and the words are quite hard to understand other then day by day.. year by year.. Anyone know?
its called the \"coolest cat\" and its sung by P stones... or P-Stonez or w/e but i wanna know where i can download it.. it was on the movie the ComeBacks.. when they were at the party
not plain white tees or sean kingston. really slow song.
i am a huge slipknot fan and i have allready heard 2 of slipknots new songs and they sound really cool so the album will most likely be good and thats y want 2 know when it is coming out
i like the song and want to know the lyrics, thanks this is the lyrics section, right?  anyways, thanks to those who answered
My idiot friend was telling me this sounds like powerpop...  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V9FZOdSdqu4
There is only one band, and that bands name is CLUTCH!!.....
carnifex where the singer does inhales?
is there anyway to contact them like as in like an email address or something!! please let me no!!!  thanks bunches!!!!
im tryin to find some real popular club hits and/or really popular rap songs that arent so popular (aloud) on the radio.
They don't have to be completely about Heroin, but they need to include it in some way. Anything from Heroin - Velvet Underground, to Thrash Unreal - Against Me.
Greetings to the Classical Music community!  When many people think of \"good\" Bach performances, they think of conductors such as Gardiner, etc. However, since I have perfect pitch, his performances, which are played in historical pitch (A=420something Hz) drive me crazy.  I then found German conductor and organist Karl Richter, and I absolutely love his modern interpretation of Bach!  Do I have any other fans of Karl Richter out there!?!
that have lyrics about mental illnesses, alcohol, and stuff like that?  It can be a band from any rock or electronic genre. Not songs about getting drunk in the supermarket and having sex or whatever rappers right about but like...descriptions of what people with mental illnesses or people under the influence feel.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1F0Gy9_8onw  to help you:]
Ok i am editing some songs on from itunes and they don't have emo as a genre But does fall out boy, my chemical romance, blink182, yellowcard, linkin park and evanescence and counting crows count as emo majority will rule thanks  ps what are some good emo songs
im into pop punk, rock and alternative.
somtimes when i want to go 2 bed or go somewhere i cant move from the computer cuz i wanna keep listening to my music lol  does this ever happen to u,cuz it happens to me  A LOT,last night i stayed up til 6am!! listening to the same 4 songs haha   does anyone else have this problem,im just curious to know
Sarah McLachlen wrote the original verion of the song Elsewhere.  Bethany Joy Galeotti did a cover version for the show One Tree Hill. I'd like to know please, what the difference in meaning is for both of them because to me, I don't really understand the meaning of either of them but they seem to mean two different things.
That plays in the background of Picture This?
I'm on the lookout at the moment for a few good songs to sing, more of the rock genre but anything will do.  I'm looking for songs for a lower range female voice but is still quite powerful e.g. artests like Alanis Morissette, Dido, The Corrs etc.  Thanks
Guitar players, did you teach yourself or take lessons? If you taught yourself, was guitar your first instrument? Was it easy to learn?
I heard this song about a year ago. Waht is it called and who is it by? the lyrics go something like this:  Twinkle twinkle i'm a star rindin' in my candy car  That's all I know and the chorus is sung by kids.
please name the bands that sound the same alike their rhythm, or structure as them..... Yes unique rock, but dont think ill be seeing more of them since the both brooke up =[[
http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AoWtgMegShGADAyXg5nP81fsy6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20080706221546AADIOHL  go to cassidy's answer....
I'm about 85% that it's chemical brothers. I heard it in the 90's but only once or twice since.  It sounds like all the sounds and recordings of a space shuttle launch along with the song.
Among all the rock massive concerts, which are the tours that had used more technology? How many trailers of equipement? Do you know the name of the bands and tours? ex: Rolling Stones, U2, Madonna, Pink Floyd! ex:Pulse, Zooropa, Fijaci\u00F3n Oral, etc...  Nothing related with Knebworth, Live 8, etc!    How many money did they earn during these tours?
I need to download a song from Jamglue to my iTunes account. I've done it once before, but for some reason now it's telling me I can only download to Winamp. I have no idea how to do it, so if anyone could help me out I'd love it. PS: The song I want to download is Crank That by Soulja Boy (clean version.) I already have this on my iTunes but I need to download it from Jamglue so I am able to use it in Windows Movie Maker since it is an mp3. Please no answers telling me to \"do it the legal way\" because I've tried and it's not letting me use the songs on my iTunes to do so. Thank you.
For a metronome what are the numbers for 16ths 4ths and 8ths?
Can someone please give me her lyrics?  Thanks Alot :)
THE CHORUS IS SOMETHIN BOUT GRABBIN HER HIPS??  IT ISNT THESE SONGS BUT IT SOUNDS LIKE THEM \"WHEN I MOVE YOU MOVE, JUST LIKE THAT\" AND THAT OTHER SONG  \"WHEN I DIP, YOU DIP, WE DIP\" im not asking for the name of those songs i quoted!!!!!!!!i already know what those are callled!!!!!!im askin for the song that sounds like them!
i wanna make a mix of the songs from late 90's early millenum like deport them and murder she wrote  I dontknow titles i need help please
Some of the lyrics I heard was:  I hear them talkin talkin now  Thats all I remember   Please help!
my friend thought of it and im like y not were working on it not ok with sound yet
wat does it mean in the song by \"my name is windy and i like to blow trees\" also is it windy or wendy different sites say different stuff.
There was a song in the episode when J.T died and the song was played when they were partying and the lyrics said something like  \"Get low! We got the party\"  (No it is not by the Ying Yang twins)
Name up to ten of your favorite rock songs.
Can anyone tell me witch pickups to get ....   i have a omen 7string guitar and was wandering witch pickups i should get i want sound ...  that will sound like metal to rock  
whats the rap song that spells out f-u-c-k-y-o-u ? thats all i know sorry lol
http://www.hottopic.com/hottopic/store/product.jsp?FOLDER%3C%3Efolder_id=2534374302028430&PRODUCT%3C%3Eprd_id=845524442168800&bmUID=1211428789855  does anyone know what/where/when this picture was taken? thanks so much i wikipediaed all that and i am no longer lost. yay!
I'm thinking of bands that are similar to Coldplay, you know songs like \"Yellow\" and \"In my Place\". If you can't think of any bands but know of some mellow chill songs,go ahead and put those down. Thanks
but in disk form from the internet? Do I have to go to a local music store? And how rare are these things?
eyes on you\" from album:: Crazy Chicken
ok were paying live tomorrow and like how can i entertain the fans like durring our song and at the intermission of every song
whats your favorite song?  Mine is  \"Bat Country\"  Avenged Sevenfold City of Evil
I know Speakerboxx/the love below is one of them.
i am helping plan my sisters birthday party and i need some good to the beat songs or summer songs that are good for her age shes turning 9 but i dont want like lovey dovy girly songs   songs u could dance to and just keep the crowd happy and stuff.   so far i have like 40 songs for like 2 hours but i need songs that will last like 4 or 5 hours.      thank you in advance!!
Love the music. and im starting a band just like them. but i have NO idea how they sing like that. and I'd love to. i wanna scream high pitch, and that low pitched growl. please instruct me on how to do this lol.  and i'd also like to add, dont give me some stupid answer, i didnt ask this question so i could read: just hurt yourself, that will make you scream! :D.    no. thats dumb. but if you give me a real answer, than thanks. :)
i drew it on a program called 'ms paint'. sorry if the link does not work, its my first time using photo bucket....   http://s314.photobucket.com/albums/ll436/wendy-rocker/?action=view&current=meh.jpg  please rate it on a scale of 1-10 plz thanx :) SHES 11 SHES 11 sorry i didnt type that thing above no joke, it was my sis...... :(
it's a slow love song sung by a female and all i can remember is her whispering *i love you.... i really really love you*.
i cant stand these people who talk about wayne bein the best alive. fucking garbage. if he and nas were to battle, even tho nas isnt known for freestyling, he would still beat wayne with sumthin better than: \"im a dog, im a dog, im a dog\"
im going to the warped tour in like a week and i was wondering if i can wear a shirt with a band on it thats not going to be there. i dont want to look as if i didnt know that their not gonna be there. i would buy a shirt but i dont feel like searching for a shirt that  i like and the band is going to be there and all that stuff.  so please helpppp thx <3
Just finished watching The Big Chill. No movie has ever captured the music of the late '60s / early '70s better IMO.   Ditto The Wedding Singer for the '80s.  Others??
havnt started band yet we need a singer and drummer / we need a good name it can be cool or funny not gay or weird  like  ( flaming nudists ) what about that one band / thnx for results thinkin them over i put this here cause my freind is to lazy and im just the bass player were not worrying about songs yet
On BET's show Hip Hop VS America PT. 2 they were talkin about how black music brought together black & white people during the segregation era. They said now rap music (the most popular music associated to african americans) is the reason white & black see eachother in a different light?  Do you agree or does rap music have nothing to do the way we look at one and another?
I have afeeling people won't feel liek doing this but hey it is 1:15 and I am bored.  1. Who claims the mack goes \"riiiiiiiinnnngg\"? 2. Who claims the K goes \"Bbbllllllaaattt\"? 3. Who hangs out with a \"Big Boy\"? 4. Who is from New York but seems to spend most of his time in Florida? 5. Who has the Caribbean Connection? 6. Who is on thier New York Shit? (Two Possible Answers) 7. Who says you can Hate it or Love it other than 50 or Game? 8. Who says he is worth his weight in gold? 9. Who has \"produced\" a million? 10. Who says to Cross the Border? Bonus: Who has Pretty Girls in the VIP?  I'll check for answers in the morning good luck!
We are not the same, I am an alien Like Gonzalez, young college student Who done just flipped the game, like Houston I'm used to promethazine in 2 cups, I'm screwed up And ya ain't shit if you ain't never been screwed up Flow so sick, make you want to throw your food up Ice water chest, and my wrist like a pool cup Two twin clippers, I give your ass a crew cut I get bread like cold cuts, you know what? Your girl go down fast, come up slow But I never slow up ( lol finally someone caught me
Its always on GAC top countdown
please tell me a website where i can download high quality music videos
Does anyone have any good doo wop songs to throw at me, I'm in the mood for doo wop.
Its a Video where everyone is wearing hood and the singer is a girl.
Who sang that in the 50's maybe or 60's 70's? http://inalead3.multiply.com/journal/item/2/You_are_the_subject_of_my_Dhyan_meditation.
Does anyone know the name of this song? Here is a link to a clip of it that i took at a club  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7SEjUtlxu20  thanks! Sara
i'm hot like a microwave just unplugged i'm so fly birds get jealous and hate me i write down words that are crazy i use the pen like a sword stab it in the paper and carve metaphors i'm like a sunny day i release heat like a tap that needs a plummer i let my albums leak i'm not lil wayne but i rap to the a millie beat i'm like the bank i recieve money i'm like lenny henry people find me funny mess with me then i'm the ache in your stomach like a obesesed freak people think i'm phat in the hip hop game i'm fittin like a hat i get more head then a helmet girls think i'm protective so i'm there shelter i stab so much people you can call me zelda i'm so addictctive like exticy my rhymes level up like there on final fantasy  lol i was bored so i wrote this shyt the game hahahaah he a gay rapper a bay bay remix hes on hahahahahaha and u call me crap the games dik only gets sduked by g unit
what are the lyrics to love by musiq soulchild. i know it goes like \"love so many people use your name in vain\"/ and idk the rest. plz answer it. thx.
as i continue to handle my business haters become more relentless  they can't take the fact that my music is danceless and they boo at the fact the rhymes are not tasteless their rich in flavor  like a life savor just listen and take it all in your life becomes better  when my songs begin and im here to break the conformity trend break the mold  strangle hold this rap game that im in so i say good night with a final bar to all you bubble gum rappers F  ur clothes F ck ur money F  ur car WORD UP FROM THA D NICCA
I am trying to find some good music blogs that are updated daily. Any type of music really. Just looking for opinions and suggestions. Maybe some forum suggestions also.
I've tried seacrching for it all over the net, but i can't find it.   Baghon Mein Bahar Hai - Aradhana  Bagon Mein Chale - Anamika (1967)
Okay so I'm looking for some new songs because I'm getting ready to go on a trip. I only want rock/pop. I already have bands like Metro Station, CIWWAF, FOB, etc. I want a lot of unheard songs, I guess you could say? Thanks. =D PS- Please put the song AND artist!
man im so glad i found out about him been listening to his awesome music more then anything for the past year and just love it!!!! who else on here has love for the man
dat song dat goes \"ull be my american boy, american boy..\" its sang by a girl and some guy...its very popular in the radio right now??
Do you like it?? I LOVE it, I really like the lyrics 2  also do you like the video I LOVE that 2, the video is amazing I'm a HUGE USHER fan, I;m really glad tht he is back and making music again
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QLmdvG3sjIs  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dl8mHGXhBUU  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wF_F6XwLCPI if u dont hav the time just listen to a bit of each song and comment on it and what ya think
It's a song that's been tormenting my head recently. I thought the title was something like \"arusandro\" but I've been getting 0 results. It's a fast dance song (and the male singer sounds more like he was rapping very fast rather than singing) and my friends had been planning to perform it at school.
any song like Lean On Me
I have a one octave range (something between bariton and tenor), how can i increase my range. Please tell me some practice, if you know? And Thanks for the answers :-)
Like Requiem fro a Dream and Carmina Burana. Some motivational songs for sports.
The song \"Couch Potato\", from his album Poodle Hat. I know (or think I know) it's an Eminem parody, but what's the original song's name?
I want to find a good myspace song.
I know Jesus is the Father, I know Jesus is the Son, I know Jesus is the Holy Ghost and all these three are one.   and if you can send me the music notes too. I'd really appreciate it. Thanks.
rock songs....
http://ayodoggie.com/2008/07/04/review-nas-untitled/  i personally dont
I've listened to only rap since i wuz lil but recently i discovered SEETHER and im all into it.. Im even learnin 2 play guitar.. Any other rock bands like them? No disrespect man but i cant stand da beastie boyz
these r the lyrics of of r&b track sung by a male you asked me to meet you... i was right on time 7.59 ,girl were did you get your halo come b my baby mama  better get a buggy for our baby ill take youshopping in my mercedes while your daddys in the bookies watching racing better get a buggy for our baby
link  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xPW_K6P7LKI
its a rap song...i don't know if its fairly new or not...its about \"getting busy\" in the backseat...i heard it recently while i was *ahem* in a backseat...and im trying to find it...any idea?
the song goes ,now friends if the lord speaks to you,  i turned away the lord one to many times,he is mine for evermore,this is some of the words in the song
I can't find the song, just the music video. Any ideas?
I heard this song remixed . it goes like this \"throw ya hands in the air , then a dance song's beat comes in, a black guy says \"throw ya hand in the air\" , and then a well known dance mix comes in. any clue what it is i heard it on the radio.
we perform either singing, dancing, or both to mostly pop music. we're actually a Korean pop group. for dancing we specialize in hip hop, locking, popping, waving, break dancing, ballet, and more. for singing we sing from a range of pop music, rap, ballads, acapellas, and other songs. we can also sing/speak in other languages besides Korean like English, Chinese, and Japanese.  Hope you can help. =]
it was the first song they were singing both at the same time on the way to cabo in the car
song Foolish playing on every fucking music channel?? He sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 he def. needs to get get get it somewhere else!
i really like it, but I can't find out where to find out what it is and I was wondering if anyone knows what it is. ty very much :P
with a good beat and nice words.
the persons name is tatiannah the persons name is tatiannah and shes turning 13
I was wondering if anyone knows what Chad Kroeger's shirt says in the \"Into The Night\" video?  And what does it mean? I would love to have it. It is a black t-shirt, with white sleeves with writing on it.
okay, I hope you know these three songs. Here are the choices:  A) Rhiannon by Fleetwood Mac B) Roxanna by The Police C) Lola by the Kinks  Thanks!!!
I have both MGMT's EP and Oracular Spectacular.  Thank You
Who sings this song  Don't fight, don't argue  i just hit that b*tch with a bottle got problems i'll solve them i just hit that b*tch with a bottle  ????  i have the song but i want to look up the lyrics and mine says it's trina but i can't find it. please let me know if you know the actual name and the artist!! does anyone know more artists like her????
the song starts at about 2 : 37 and some of lyrics are... i see party people you know were yummy i know where you at far far ffar far far she goes marc marc marc marco polo where did he come from where did he go everybody's doin the just say no the song starts at about 2 : 37 and some of lyrics are... i see party people you know were yummy i know where you at far far ffar far far she goes marc marc marc marco polo where did he come from where did he go everybody's doin the just say no  and the video is here: the song starts at about 2 : 37 and some of lyrics are... i see party people you know were yummy i know where you at far far ffar far far she goes marc marc marc marco polo where did he come from where did he go everybody's doin the just say no i mean the video is here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NECNIKmMgS8
mines gotta be when someone compares lil wayne to one of the greatest rappers in the game, like nas. lol, umm cassidy G, no offence but are u smokin somethin?? lol how can u not know who nas is??
people that dance and make it look like theyre gliding just amaze the hell outa me. i love watching it. is there any secrets? Like is there something they do that to justmake it look so smooth and easy? I wanna learn how to dance man that stuff is tight.
cassidy http://au.youtube.com/watch?v=El_lUKz1724 lil mama http://au.youtube.com/watch?v=ZdntRUE4l_c&feature=related chris brown http://au.youtube.com/watch?v=LFGCsafJKpg&feature=related ne-yo http://au.youtube.com/watch?v=DUJrj7-RAJs&feature=related the game http://au.youtube.com/watch?v=pD_0PDZSizI fabulous http://au.youtube.com/watch?v=WOXZjJzmABI
Ok.....so my boyfriend is trying to figure out what song he has stuck in his head. He can give some facts: -about a boy, he is saying that his parents are always arguing and he closes his eyes to block out the fighting  -uses the words \"mommy\" and \"daddy\" -the band might have the number 3 in it's name...(three doors down, three days grace...etc)  -possibly came out between 2000-2002   any thoughts??!!?   THANKS !  :) nevermind I got it! wonderful by everclear!!   thanks though
www.cafepress.com/creativezee GET YOUR BAND GEAR HERE!!!!!!
Has horns, drums within it.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Ia0EsNezWI&eurl=http://www.raidentech.com/marcaicrarec.html
Pleeeaasseee let me know if u have/found any on youtube of kenny singing \"she thinks my tractors sexy\" or \"dont happen twice\" when he was in SF. they are my 2 favorite songs and noone has em on youtube! thanks! : )
I am a singer and wanted to know if there are any good music camps in ontario that i could go to for teens. I am 16.
its one line of a song does anybody know what song is it called??
I need a song to put on my myspace profile that is really good. I love rock and hip-hop. I also love teen love songs so if you have any suggestions let me know me please.                                                                          Thanks
There are so many groups that did this song but who was the group that first brought it out?
No one cares no one knows No one ever try\u2019s to understand  Why I\u2019m so afraid  To face to world let it out be myself  They all tell me I\u2019m acting stupid  But it\u2019s so hard for me  To come out of my box  I try to stand alone  But I let my fears take over  I syke myself out  Believing I\u2019ll say or do  Something wrong    I can\u2019t let go of my fears  I\u2019m to shy to say or do anything  It makes it hard to interact  To ever be myself  To ever get and no somebody else  I need to learn how to  Open up   I never ask for what I want  I wait for someone to ask me  Or I find someone to ask for me  When I try to be on my own  I get this pit inside my stomach  And I start to loose my voice  Every sound and every motion  Gets lost inside my head  Never to be put into action   I can\u2019t let go of my fears  I\u2019m to shy to say or do anything  It makes it hard to interact  To ever be myself  To ever get and no somebody else  I need to learn how to  Open up   Open up just let go  Say what I want without  Choking up inside  Forget my fears say what I feel  But every time I get around  Someone I don\u2019t know  My defense goes up  I freeze up it\u2019s like  Talking to a brick wall  I can\u2019t let go of my fears  I\u2019m to shy to say or do anything  It makes it hard to interact  To ever be myself  To ever get and no somebody else  I need to learn how to  Open up
I think this one takes the cake:  http://a380.ac-images.myspacecdn.com/images01/124/l_22311993bc4fca0caff8597b9f4e8deb.jpg
is anyone looking for a singer????
can u guys give me a website thats free but also provides a wide variety of classical music for the violin?thx...
the one thats playing when she is walking and at the end where juno and paulie are singing
Hey everyone, I have to perform a dance at my cousins baby shower and I decided that I would make a remix of old and new Amitabh Bachchan songs because everyone in my family is crazy about him and his movies. Anyway so far I have Rang Barse (Remix), Khaike Pan Banaras Wala (Remix), and Say Shava Shava. I'm going to cut those and put them together but I need one more song. My cousins baby shower is exactly in 2 weeks so I need to find a song very soon! Please give me some suggestions! The song has to be dance-able.
i think its an old song but he sings the song alone  the lyrics are about get high or something idk anyone know ??
tabs anyone...for the intro...
I heard it on Nocturnal State last night and didn't see the title
Thers different artists in the song and they say something like\"this is the bartender\" and they also say in the song\" ima buy you a drank\"
I personally think it's his second best. I think his best was Revolutionary, Volume 1. What do you think and why?
What is your favorite lyric, or phrase from a song?  mine is \" i wish i was like you, easily amused\"  - Kurt Cobain Nivana All apologies In Utero
i have an amazing voice and im very good at acting...i tried that 1 888 999 6617 thing and im still waiting....im very impaticent what is a quicker way..i would of been famous because my cuin tiffany owns a record company for rock..but i want to be in pop so she isnt changeing yet....PLEASE HELP.!! yes,,,but im not doing it for the fame and glory///i want people to enjoy my music.. I want to get discovered. Not Famous.
its a new song its not 50 cent but it has 50 cent in it and those are the only lyrics i can remember might be a part of some mix
July 6th. Thanks! =]
they are played back to back in Dan In Real Life, one during the football game where Dan and Marie are all over each other, and the next when he's carrying the canoe. In the second one it's talking about bloody lips? sorry, i have a terrible memory and don't remember any other lyrics, help me as much as you can! thank you!!!!
so i play the clarinet and i play jazz. i understand how from a maj scale you get a jazz scale but i sort of forgot how and i also wanted to know could you do this for other styles of music such as middle eastern, or gypsie music, or things appropriate for drum circles. im trying to work on improv and i obviously need the basic understanding of scales thanks.  please refer me to any websites if its too much to explain.
ii HAV3 N0 iiD3A WHAt iTS kAll3d. BUt iT WAS 0N THiiS ON3 GiiRlZ MASPACE. THE iiNFO SAiiD THE RAiiN WiiT JEZZy. SHE HAd THAT SONG ON HER MASPACE A l0nG TiM3 AG0 [[LiK3 iN MARCH]] N0W iiM L00kiN 4 iT LyK3 KRAZii3. SO CAN S0M30N3 HELP.
I cant fall a sleep, now is 7:05 AM and i cant sleep, i am a singer, can this affect on my voice quality, i feel like something happening in my throat, i am 18 years old, and i am baritenor...
okay i know rothbury ends today, but does anyone know like what time today it ends?  like is it the entire night tonight too or did it end like earlier today?  please answerr
Hi there i need help of a song i heard a long time ago!  The lyrics go like this , this is as much as i can remember.   \"I'm not coming home again\"  I think hotel is in the lyrics also its a black women singing and its a old song as well Probllly before the 80s
Lets make a list of bands with good and creative lyrics. My list:  Slayer Rush Dropkick Murphys The Hives Foo FIghters Nirvana Nine Inch Nails White Stripes The Raconteurs  ive probably got the main ones but lets see what you got to say.
my guitar is acting stange my open notes sound really strange when played with higher notes it like the timbre is different or something its not the strings(type guage what have you ive tried it all) they sound kind of dead/off the notes higher up have lots of tone but arent as bright the lower notes are brighter so they blend in better but the opens are just bright and toneless i dont get it its not the strings ive chaged them and it did it on many sets old and new and the harmonic is fine i hate the whammy bar
1 - Theres no music due to IM NOT IN A STUDIO!  2 - You can hear background noise sometimes, youll have to excuse that.  myspace.com/ ceceliaaubreylynnlaube  =]  Please add it if you have myspace. Thank you.
i dont know the chords to the song help me from alkaline can someone give me the real guitar chords i need help
Guitar tabs to Billy Talent's Red Flag
The song can be found at:     http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FaVPr_NEd24
I've been looking for the piano sheet Allstar but I haven't been able to find it yet. Can anyone please help?
I think it is a early 90's song, some of the lyrics are \"i'm heading out to where the water is much deeper/i would sell my soul for a record of all things said and done\"
all i know is t-pain is in it... thanks
if someone can help me or at least give me a link to an acoustic cover of the song that would make me one happy girl :)
i like the harp but my sisters says you cant rock out on it so i guess maybe not i have a bunch of free time so time dose not really matter i have all the time i need i want a instrument that is slow and sweet but is so boring if you could post  videos of them being played would be awesome thanks for the help
I am talking about people that are really into art & music and who can really appreciate it. I for one think that if you really have a passion for meaningful music you have to listen to the- #1 (The greatest band ever) The Smashing Pumpkins. I am crazy about them Billy Corgan does not get the recognition he deserves and they really stand out. I have bought every CD, Box Set, DVD, Record, Single they have ever recorded. From an Artistic point of view it is just simply amazing to look at what they have done throughout the late 80's - 2008. Smashing Pumpkins fans are in a league of their own. If you haven't really listened to the smashing pumpkins you should really take a look at all their albums (Gish-1988 to Zeitgeist-2007) Billy manages to change up the sound every album. There is not one band who does it like TSP do. If you look at the lyrics in the songs and dissect the poetry there is a meaning & feeling to each one.  Take a look at these songs- Some of their best stuff  Disarm: http://uk.youtube.com/watch?v=QQtLoJlQD6E  1979: http://uk.youtube.com/watch?v=E2snP7rGP6g  Tonight, Tonight: http://uk.youtube.com/watch?v=EsZYqaSc4cU  Today: http://uk.youtube.com/watch?v=RHUd896Sur0  **Favorite**-Mayonaise(Put's me to sleep every night, I love it)  http://uk.youtube.com/watch?v=4-swlx9z2O0  Just look at all their stuff from different albums and you will see what I'm talking about. For bands like this you either love it or hate it. I love it!  Do you have a band that can compare if so- who, and why?
Its a recently released song.  Definitely in 2008.  Its got a catchy dance beat to it.  Ive heard it played at a lot of dances and clubs.  Its a Rap or Hip Hop song.  Anyone have an idea of what it is?
who do u like better and why
since yahoo had a meltdown last night and most people didn't get a chance to see last night's song, here it is again:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6hQUFGsVf4  and here's tonight's song...represents how i'm feeling pretty well right now:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eELB6NxrZ7A  enjoy/share thoughts, comment on my songs first
A poetic politician dissin the risen cataclysm decisions fascination with prison, racial divisions like Christian Schism, brothers of catechism spillin crimson, creeds aspire to be pimps and catch a glimpse of pierced limbs senseless violence like chimps getting higher than blimps off that girl Mary J. esteem art and lyricism as nil, poppin pills but still stayin ill, and sellin Monet for a hit of that yay.
What are some good techno/trance songs without any words... just the beats?
1. \"please believe me I'll never do you no harm...if you leave me I'll never make it alone\" 2. \"And all I can say is that I love you,For everything it serves out to be\" 3.\"so now that these numbered honeymoon days are through\" 4.\"way she moves attracts me like no other lover\" 5.\"so hear this please and watch as your heart speeds up endlessly\" 6.\"lying in your bed as lights dance across the ceiling\" 7.\"and the nights of kissing you goodnight are on my mind\" 8.\"corresponding shapes like puzzle pieces from the clay\" 9. \"this is not my strongest point that she knows she pardons me for stepping on her toes\" 10.\"dearest love i hope this message finds you well\" 11.\"this is my confession to the crimes of wanting you badly\" 12.\"beautiful you know you leave me breathless when you fall into my eyes\" 13.\"Waste the whole night away. I don't know what to say. disregard everything. Just can't feel anything.\" 14.\"And what would you do if I wrote you a song Would you give me some lovin' when I get home
I think this is song that combines 2 different songs together.  Sounds like Darude - Sandstorm and something else.  My question is what is the other song called and by?
LIKE NADA DE TI BY SOLIDO OR OJALA QUE TE MUERAS I NEED MORE SONGS LIKE THOSE. YEA I HATE SOMEONE =] THANX.
I found them a while ago before their album came out and they had no fans and I'm wondering if anyone likes them now.
something like lifehouse daughtry sara mclachlan....  ppl like that...any suggestions?
Its atleast a few yrs old ,i cant really remember lots of details or it could be r & b
 Also what songs/albums by that artist do you think were the most drug-influenced.
The Offspring or Pennywise Smashing Pumpkins or Queens of the Stone Age The Ramones or The Sex Pistols The Rolling Stones or The Scorpions ACDC or The Who Bush or The Foo Fighters Rancid or Bad Religion Sublime or 311  Best answer will probably go to someone who has a short explanation as to why they picked one band over the other.  Star?
its sung by a girl. shes sayin how she loves all these thigs but there bad for her. like shopping too much and wearing heels and stuff. and she likes this guy but hes bad for her. the one actual lyric i remember is \"i love you..but your bad for me\" its a country song and theres a video which has her walking around in the guys shirt. and she finds an engagement ring in his pants on the floor and smiles at the end.   Its bugging the hell out of me! if you could help that would be awesome!
I'm doing a talent night thing at our camp. I'm looking for a song that a female sings and isn't way too difficult. Songs sung by males are okay too as long as they are suitable for girls (like no guy songs singing about girls because i couldnt sing that!). Thanks!
what are some good alternative songs? specific songs please (:  bands i like ; mayday parade the maine the cure nirvana panic! at the disco the higher tokyo police club  thanks! (:
whatever scale you want.. which is worse, which is more likely to make you kill yourself, anything. brothers* :p
I need some sort of post-punk/gothic-rock in my iTunes library and I'm not sure which artist I should buy an album from.
.......\" something like that.  Who is this? Thanks!
the song from oldschool the movie where the old man is in heaven or something and is playing the piano? i think it should be an older song fro like the 70's....any help? tnx katie ur answer was the one i was looking for
1) Besides from Jay Z, what other MC claimed to be the 8th wonder of the world? 2) Which Rap group \"hit em up like Tupac Shakur?\" (Diss to Whitey Ford) 3) Eminem\u2019s \u201CWords are _____?\u201D 4) Which MC claims the lethal weapon to be the mind? (Hint: It's from a 1989 song) 5) Who has a B*TCH that he needs to MOVE? 6) What does Nas cry? 7) Why does the saga continue?( From a member of NWA) 8) Who is the dopeman? 9) What does Obie Trice hope \"she\" has, when he wakes up? 10) When did Ice Cube first hear \"N*gga\" (Hint: It\u2019s a Year) 11) Who is the MC that dedicated an album for \u201Call the teachers that told him he'd never amount to nothing\u201D? 12) Only God can Judge _____ 13) When\u2019s Rakim internationally known? (Hint: When\u2026) 14) Fill in the Blanks \u201Cstop, drop ____ em down, open_____(Hint: It\u2019s an Anthem) 15) Who is \u201Cbigger than the Jews, the Irish and can run the county? (Hint: Two People) Hmmm....It seems I shouldn't have posted in so late, in eastern Time.  This Quiz will be reposted later, maybe 12 hours? That way people will actually be awake. More hints will probably be added as well.
Black Metal, Progressive Metal, Groove metal, and other genres similair. Thank you
does anyone know where to find songs played at Forever 21 stores?
I saw the brewrey follies and one of them cover this song and I thought it was nice. It was acoustically covered and one of the lyrics (I think the corus) went some thing like \"Come on, (some girl's name), we'll go dancing\". It was a slow song, and I think he said the artist was from Montana.   Any help would be awesome, thanks.
I'm gonna prove how untalented Weezy is. List one physical item.  Go head and give some punchlines of your own from other peoples items.  Yea i got this idea from whoever said \"I got more gas than Jupiter\" Ho*e's get me off like fleas to a dog They maul till you soft like sh*it in a mall (he talks about ish alot) Make you my Bitchboy like I live in the cell
Well who knows the answer? lol
I don't know any of the lyrics [sorry! =( ] but the end of the chorus ends with \"forever you and me\". It sounded like All American Rejects or Boys Like Girls, and it was kind of a faster paced song. I know it's NOT by the LightHouse Family.  If you are from the Columbus, Ohio area, they played this song on Sunday Request Live on 97.9 WNCI tonight....
I see in different places that she wrote it for herself and other places for a nephew? Just curious..
Make up a metphor that is completely stupid that Lil Wayne would use. I used this early but as an example: \"I have so much gas you could call me Jupiter\"
wat is the beat from his new song all summer long to originally the main beat its older not sweet home alabama thanks but i think its a bob seger song no sorry you were right it just sounds like seger sorry to correct ya
to be famous?  I need to know everything.  from producers to the merch designers i need to know what they do, why they do it, and what impact it has on the band.   and anything else you can toss in there.
i wanna know what the phrase means
u associate with rats like stuart little ill have the cops callin ur death a riddle the good Lord giveth, the good Lord taketh away call me Messiah, wat more can i say? ur style is older than kid n' play ill run u thru a wall like Rodney McCray i coulda sworn ur bitch told me she thought u was gay. u may be wild like mitch williams, but im joe carter u may ball hard, but i ball harder. ill have u leakin juice like im Orenthal see your fam in their crib, and i kill em all.   thats like half of my first verse. it sounds good in my head but i havent found a beat or anything. lemme kno thanks clearly sum ppl dnt understand the \"Orenthal\" line. its about OJ Simpson...his 1st name was orenthal thanks 4 the honesty fellas....u kno wat they say: if nobody's hatin on u then sumthin aint right
I am an advanced level saxophonist looking for a jazz theory and improvisation book that will take my skills to the next level and give me material for daily exercises. Any suggestions? Can anyone propose a canon of jazz literature that I may work with?
like jason mraz sings like that kind of music what others good singers sing like that?
im depressed and i want to no some sad somgs that will make me cry!i want sad love songs plz!i dont no any really n the only song i no is tear drops on my guitar...so plz name some sad songs! man i like alot o fthose songs thankz  keep um comin i enjoy crying
they have to be girly :]
its right after the whole show is over and you walking outside to th exit. Its an old song but i think someone covered it so it sound more popish? I need the song name pleaseee (:
What's the name of the song used in this video - part of a show by the Shanghai Acrobatic Troupe.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vKWyzH8vPnQ
im not too sure of the correct lyrics otherwise i might have found it online but i thought it went something like: i like it, im not coming back i miss you im not coming back i love you im not coming back ill kill you im not coming baaaaack........ thank you!!!!!!!! i totally had those lyrics all wrong but idk why the beats been stuck in my head for weeks and i couldnt remember the song at all!
I love Protest the Hero to death, and I am a Christian.  They have never made their views on religion very clear.  And I'm terrible at interpreting lyrics.  Can anyone help me please?! I'll still listen to them no matter what, they're my favorite band.  But i'm just very curious.
i like Matallica,panatra,ramstien,ac/dc,ect. that kind of music
dangerous? What's his name and how do you spell it? I have been looking all over the internet for that song and can't find it.  Is Dangerous spelt different or what and i heard the guys stage name something like canada?  Who is it I love that  song!!
everytime i hear it i only hear 50 cent so im not sure if g-units in it Its not i like the way she do it or rider pt.2
I work it all out in my head  Everything I want to say  Everything I want to do  Where I want to be  And how I want to live  But I never take how I feel  And ever make it real  I never put it out there  For anyone to know  I keep it bottled up  Expecting it to find me   Every last dream that have  Every last word I want to say  Is kept in a place where they  Are stuck with no escape  I try to let them out but  They are forced right back in  If only I could let it out  Maybe I could have it all   I think through  Every last movement  Every last word  Nothing I say or do is  Ever in the moment  It all thought out a head of time  I play it out in my mind  Every possibility  So I\u2019m never lost for words  But when it comes to speaking out  To saying what I have  So perfectly planed out  It never happens I back out  How can I ever get what I want?  If I\u2019m to afraid to say what it is   Every last dream that have  Every last word I want to say  Is kept in a place where they  Are stuck with no escape  I try to let them out but  They are forced right back in  If only I could let it out  Maybe I could have it all   Maybe I could have it all  If I could say what it is I want  But it\u2019s in my head  My lips wont move  I\u2019m to afraid of getting laughed at  To say what it is I truly want the most  If only I could let the words come out  Maybe I could have it all   Every last dream that have  Every last word I want to say  Is kept in a place where they  Are stuck with no escape  I try to let them out but  They are forced right back in  If only I could let it out  Maybe I could have it all
There is this song and i only can remember some lyrics. im prty sure its like a country singer ' I'm a soldier'  then it says fight, tonight. 'i want to see you.... tonight' but im rly not to sure. HELP ME!!
currently playing on radio
I have a singing coach and I've been on holiday for 2 weeks and my voice is really flat and deep and not on pitch and also I havn't practiced the entire time I have been singing along to songs but no additional vocal exercises so is my voice bad because of that
what is your favorite song? i need a new fave!  thanks for all your answers <33
I need songs of this type of music: *Raver *Techno *Disco *Rock-Techno I need the name of the band or group or dj with the name of the song/s, if you put one it's ok, but if you make a big list and i like the songs it will be better and i will select you best answer...
theres a guy that sings it and im sorry i dont know the lyrics but at the end of the song he says:Best Friend and then the song ends i think its been on some commercials.. but i knoww it will b hard to figure out wat song it isbut if u dont know do  u know any songs about best friends? Yeah and where can i download it
Iv'e been looking all over the interenet and cant find it
I hear it on 103.7 kvil and it is a love song. I think it is on the parent trap, but im not 100% sure on it.  Thanks!
I heard it for the first time at Rothbury and have no clue what it is
There's was a post before about this particular bit of lyrics that's since been deleted, so now I propose this question, again. Anyone know the information of a song with the lyrics containing something along the lines of, \"The world is a playground for those in dire need to die\"?  I think fly replaces die at some point, as well. If I'm not mistaken its a woman singing it, but its been a while since I've heard the song. I used the lyrics in a blog a few years back, but failed to include the song/artist, so I'm stuck. No help from search engines or anything...so hopefully some of you guys will be able to help me out??? It'll be greatly appreciated!!! Okay, so I have a few more details about it. Evidently in the post I quoted it, the other passage was something along the lines of, \"The world is an ocean for those in dire need to die\", making the previous line, \"The world is a playground for those in dire need to fly.\"...  Also, I can tell you that I heard this song in December of 2005 - that's when these lines were recorded in my LJ, so I know its not as recent as I had thought. Hopefully someone can help me with this one because its been bugging the crap out of me, lol.
http://youtube.com/watch?v=WUAvTn3uz5w   Excuse the morbidness  MQ: Favorite song in a movie AJ- It isn'r violent!
ok its ike something about garding treasure!!! well i really just need any song about guarding treasure
I have a reletivly cheap guitar. Its a dean evo dragster which is about 350$. I also have a crappy amp. I just recently learned thunderstruck on my guitar and it won't pickup on the hammer ons and pull offs is this because I have a cheap guitar or crappy amp? If so what guitar or amp do you prefer. And the guitar in the price range of 500$.
is goes something like........... do.... dodo.... dodododo... dodo....dododo   You can kinda here part of it at http://www.myspace.com/djmangooofficial song Screw Me...  But what's the original song... Please help me find this... Thank you everyone!
its on the madvillan album every thang on that albulm is a sample of a song such as strange ways is a sample of funny fancy clown is a sample of that aint the way you make love by zzhill so on and so forth but i cant find out what all caps is a sample of
so yeah, i work at forever 21 and we have no idea about any of the song that play, unless someone already knew them, b/c they just send us a mixed cd. there's a song that sounds like postal service or death cab, and it goes like, \"i love you, but i don't know how to tell you\" and something like \"fire in your kitchen.\" i've tried googling it, but to no avail. help?
All I know is it is by Sean Paul and in the music video he's using paint cans or something to blow fire. its not ever blazin or we be burnin or temperature nevermind found it its like glue
what are some of the best acoustic songs? if you know any, lemme know (:
Like that song by Res called They Say Vison
I heard this song in the car the other day, and I was wondering if anyone could help me find it. It's a song about a little girl asking her dad not to make her go... Any help????? I know it's a sung by a male, and I don't know if it's new or old. I heard it on B104.7 if that's helpful to anyone, lol.
Whats a good Song ? I like When you look me in the eyes ,but pretty much getting boring now... know any good song =D? oh yeah  ANy Good song that could warm me up , without having to do all that  Vocal warm up before start singing :]? thanks
Or as much as you want or can list.
Who's voice is that at the end that says \"Gerome...bring that back here\" or something like that, or is it Patrick's.
From a girl to a guy. Although I love all the good stuff from waaay back in the days please only songs from around the 90's and up. Thank you.
Why is it that people have something against bands like Fall Out Boy, Panic! At The Disco, Cute Is What We Aim For, My Chemical Romance, etc..? I just don't get it, haha =P
it was out about a year ago and its rap. I want to download it but i forgot what its called lool  it goes: senses cause of jealosy it can turn ur best friend into a enemy all i know is i do i beleive in what i do i can live withyou you mother ****er tried to sell me drugs  iayaya i shouldve knew this from the start, that if we blow, all this people the so called friends who i aint spoken to in years bowwowowow they got the nerve to call me up nd waste my time i dont you for nuthin o yh and i think it was only released in uk. and jaygay i mean guy im smokin sumin u wished u had :)
I may be getting a guitar for my birthday, and want opinions on whether to start on electric or acoustic, and stuff like that... if I do start off on an acoustic, when should I progress to electric? How long would it take to get \"fluent\", so to speak? What sort of stuff should I learn first?  I like metal, mainly death metal, some black, power, folk, viking, and classic heavy.  A few members of my family have taken up guitaring, and apparently fairly quickly. They took it up on acoustic then progressed to electric.They listened to slightly different music to what I do, I listen to \"deathyer\" stuff. I think I heard that they could play Nuno's \"Flight of the Wounded Bumblebee\" about two years or so after taking up guitar. Would it be unreasonable of me to expect to progress at this rate (practicing regularly of course)?  This is probably going to make me sound like an ass, but ah well.  Thanks  in advance
i really need to know
What are some popular & fairly new songs that you can recommend to me in those music categories?
Stuff like Decyfer Down and Relient K. Those are my favorites. If you know of one that sounds like Three Days Grace, that would be awesome.
Not really a question I just thought I throw that out there...
so i was wondering if anyone knows of a site where people can create and upload their own music track, and other people can download them to add their own lyrics to... basically, i want to start writing songs, but i don't yet have the skills/knowledge to create my own music to go with the lyrics.... so i was thinking i could just practice with premade music.... does anyone know where i can get free tracks? or at least point me to something similar? actually i think i just found the answer to my own question...  ratemycreation.com  of course i know it's not meant for that, but it suits my purpose, since this is just my private doings.... but if you know of anymore that would be appreciated. thanks!
okay, here's the deal: heard this song for the first time on xm radio last summer. I think the name mightve been earthy ish. Younger guy singing...not a song that's popular...alernative. Softer sounding. Guy in backround with strong African esque voice. Sounds like he's saying \"i'll be on-on another day...ahhhh cease and decease\" or something like it. Heard it again in January at my friends 16th. Its been KILLING me to say the least. not by rusted root or ub40. not alot to work off of but pleaaaase try and help!
all i know is it has tyga in it, but i dont know the other performer. its a band playing..it was on after the real world tonight, and i didnt catch the name of the song.
the lyrics is   One voice  Singing in the darkness All it takes is one voice Singing so they hear what's on your mind And when you look around you'll find There's more than one voice  Singing in the darkness Joining with your one voice Each and every note or another octave Hands are joined and fears unlocked  If only one voice would start it on it's own We need just one voice facing the unknown And then that one voice would never be alone It takes that one voice Ba ba ba da da da da ba ba ba ba ba etc... It takes that one voice  One voice Singing in the darkness All it takes is one voice Shout it out and let it ring Just one voice It takes that one voice And everyone will sing  THANKS :)
Hey everyone, what's a good love song? I like all kinds of music. I love hearig a good love song though, i would appriciate a bunch of suggestions! :) thank you!
same verse is sung by male throughout the song. its sung by a white male. its not sean kingston or plain white tees. Its a fairly new song.
i heard it on the radio today and i want to download it its like r & b
mine is me and my gang and life is a highway
I think The Game is the most underrated. I love the Chi-town rappers but we talk about them alot. No one gives Game credit for makin good music IMO. Kanye West wins my overrated award, just for being so arrogant after IMO selling out in Graduation.
i need the lyrics please  XD  thankies in advance !
the only line i could catch was \"say im the only one\" or \"just say im the only one\" it sounded like a new rock song with a guy singer who had a kind-of high voice. not a song from daughtry, weezer, or an older song. And i think it's from rock band(but not sure)
with all its ambience and sounds that take you to other places i call it \" BEAUTIFUL\"
besides 3 days grace im sick of them
the song says something like ....... its a quiet kind of crazy ......then somethin like ,,,,,,,, a broken heart that wont let her be
JSt that.. songs about loving someone who doesnt love you back...  slow scremo emo punk  idc...
What are some good songs   No Lil' Wayne/ Tupac  please
 is the view still good though? or is it crap and not even worth paying?
Ive never really listened to alot of country music, but a friend of mine played me the song Travelin soldier by the Dixie Chicks and i love it! so now i wanna find some more country songs.   So... what artists and what songs would you recommend?  Not sure if you would call johnny Cash or Willie Nelson country but i have most of their cds so other style stuff!
I saw this before why not have another.  1. Who started out as a baby and can now be considered \"fly\". (note quotations) 2. Who's from the black barrio? 3. Who has broke ni@@as lookin at him like they are chokin on a chicken bone? 4. 50 bought a lamborgini for him but it's still his. Who is he? 5. Who said Johnny Cash was a real American Gangster? 6. They can \"Roc the Mic\". Who are they? 7. Who said \"your still up in the air cause last year he (they) said Jump Around\"? 8. Who wants to know why bush knocked down the towers? 9.  Who dreamed he could buy his way to heaven? 10. Who's Back for the first time (they also like chicken and beer)  Bonus: Who is the biggest rapper in her apratment complex and she don't know.  Going over this it seems really hard so good luck! first to get 100% or whoever gets the highest score gets the best answer For the bonus the she does not imply that it is a female rapper. The rapper in question is talking a girl and he lives in her apartment complex and she has never heard of him. Sorry for bad wording. Damn no one can get #7. I am thinking of giving a hint. Here it is: white rapper. Have Final Answers in by 12:50 and I will anounce winners my bad 12:55 Eastern time forgot not everyone lives here Answers 1. Birdman 2. Bun B 3. Fabolous 4. Young Buck 5. Snoop Dogg 6. Beanie Sigel and Freeway (State Property is acceptable) 7. Everlast/ House of Pain 8. Jadakiss 9. Kanye West 10. Ludacris Bonus: Little Brother  Esham wins with a 10/10 Sweet James in second also with a 10/10 Big Daddy in third with a 9/10  I'll post another one of these. It will take alittle while so I can think of new questions. One thing were they too hard, too easy or just right?
It's rap. Lyrics go like this... \"All these girls be in my face that\u2019s why I grab that can of mace. Because I got expensive taste and I ain't got no time to waste. I be on it every day and ya'll can't wait for what I say.\"                    -thanks.
I tried to search everywhere but I can't find who sang it.. The song is very nice and its one of my favorite songs... =) Here's the song if  you wanna hear it... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9IzemVSm6A
Does anyone have sn's from people in bands such as: mayday parade, this providence, the higher, the maine, all time low, saosin & fueled by ramen bands etc
the same verse is said througout the song. Its not by plain white tees or sean kingston. Its sung by one person. its a love song
it goes  when the fish swam out of the ocean and grew legs and they started walking when the apes came down from the trees they grew tall and startd talking and the stars fell out of the sky and the tears rolled into the ocean and i was looking for a reason why you set my world into motion cuz your not really there and i dont wanna be either i wanna be next to you black and gold black and gold   hope that helps a little
it's hardcore/whatever you wanna call it and it starts out slow and then goes into something like \"there's got to be a way out of here\" or something like that i canttt remember and it ends with the same lyrics it starts with..its a guy and its not underoath if that helps thanksss not the almost, its all screaming except for the very beginning, thats why i cant remember the lyrics. the only thing i can remember is \"way out of here\" which isnt really helpful but its one of the last 2 lines
it kinda goes like this..\"Im so cold so c-c-c-c-c-cold wrap you arms around me will you hold me tightly....\"  its like techno   pleaze help :D
money cars clothes hoes mother ****** diamonds on my mother ****** toes shoot in ya bank roll snif it up ya nose
i need to find a song about that ar like about someone who is underestimated
I have discovered 3oh!3 and they are pretty sick!!!!!!!!!
my friend tells me to listen to some bands with female volcals and males doing growls bu the problem is i dont know of any can someone help me plz?
I've seen your frown  And it's like looking down the barrel of a gun  And it goes off  And out come all these words  Oh there's a very pleasant side to you  A side I much prefer  It's one that laughs and jokes around  Remember cuddles in the kitchen  Yeah, to get things off the ground  And it was up, up and away  Oh, but it's right hard to remember  That on a day like today when you're all argumentative  And you've got the face on   the band who sung this song was a british pop band.. and i dont knnow it.. help me pls
it has like a ukalali in the begining and it goes sun sun suuuun...i rly like the song anyone have an idea what it is?
It's on a commercial for TV's.  It starts out with only men singing:  \"I want it all. I want it all. I want it all. And I want it now\"  And then a guitar and drums joins in and starts playing. Oh duh I'm stupid.  I knew it sounded like Queen
Recommend me your favorite bands, and/or bands you think I would appreciate based on the list below. I like almost anything, so even if its nothing like the bands I've listed, feel free to recommend them to me. Also, give me a description of the band[ex- indie, pop, ect.]  Cursive Chiodos Bright Eyes The Beatles Enter Shikari Muse The Receiving End Of Sirens Forever The Sickest Kids Led Zeppelin Mindless Self Indulgence Animal Collective The Grateful Dead Alesana Envy On The Coast Green Day LoveHateHero The Who is actually one of my favorite bands, I cannot believe I forgot them.
I think the main character is walking and its like an open plain or he's on a mountain. But there's this guy yelling.
the chorus goes something like:  There is no war that can keep me away From your loving arms that held me everyday Baby when you smile I know you're crying inside Fight back the tears as I look in your eyes Take my hand when we meet in your dreams Hold me close, lay your burdens on me And if I don't come home I'll die knowing our love carries on  I can't find it anywhere, hell I dont know where to look anymore.   Thanks, Henry Rhodes
I want to write some songs and chords to go with then (piano) What are some tips for writing the lyrics and the music..
Okay um.. I already sing, but I haven't had and type of training.. And my voice isn't GREAT .. it's just plain-old, \"ok\".. I wanna know how I can flame up my voice!!  And don't start telling me abou herion n smoking.. but how may I get a good grunge vocal? Probably like Courtney Love..
hi everyone. i wasa wondering the name of the song title of this one Toots and the maytals song it starts off like : \"ARRAH ARRAH\" They are like bird noises. and then it goes something ike \" ooh baby cocoa flower\" plz plz help me out guys!! its been bugging me for weeks. thanks so so much!  <3 natti yes im sure.
I know it's kind of a dull question, but none of my freinds know about them and they never get mentioned around here, but they are extremely talented imo...  MQ: what is your favorite Kalmah song? I like Pekka Kokko's vocals
Most songs seem to be about boyfriends, girlfriends, heartbreak, husbands, relationships etc. Does anybody know of some other topics that songs are about? I want to know if there is another topic that is commonly found in the lyrics of songs.  Thank you! :)
ok when i try to upload music on funformobile, it says page cannot be found..i need help dudes. o yeah and im getting my music from zune so yeah that may have something to do with it (: so please help me guys cus imma ringtone a-holic lol c[:
My friend is 50, and talented. He plays country music, and could do something, but he has no way into the industry, and no name out there. He does local stuff, he's played in Nashville and Vegas, but nothing big enough to get him noticed. What can he do?
There was a song on my friends phone but i cant get ahold of her. The music start off like the sound from \"We are young We are free\"  Then it gets remixey and the lyrics go something like this.  You can catch me on a plane. You can catch me......  It is not a remix of We are young it just has the same music in the beging as that song.  thanks, nikki yes its like anita baker but this girl was more hip hop and it wasnt like all classical
can someone post me a link?
Who thought MCR were the backstreet boys when I first heard them.
do you know of a song that fits my description?
I Would say \"B.I.B.L.E.\" (Basic Instructions Before Leaving Earth)
im going on a road trip cross country with a few of my best friends [who r crazzzzzzzzy]. we are all addicted 2 music and I AM IN CHARGE OF THA MUSIC!! help!! we need alot of upbeat songs to stay awake and also some quiet songs for nighttime. we need music 24/7 so a list of songs will be helpful. thx!! im going on a road trip cross country with a few of my best friends [who r crazzzzzzzzy]. we are all addicted 2 music and I AM IN CHARGE OF THA MUSIC!! help!! we need alot of upbeat songs to stay awake and also some quiet songs for nighttime. we need music 24/7 so a list of songs will be helpful. thz to all of you who hav already answered. trust me-youve helped ALOT. sry for tha repeat mi computer wuz weirding on me
Hi does anybody know how to make a sample using FL studio producer edition?
so this is my last year and i've been taking pix and short vids of every1 2 make a slide show and i'm looking for songs that are like \"i'll miss you but i have to move on\" w/ the meaning. the slide show can only have a max of 3 songs, and i was thinking of using i hope you dance as 1 of them, so i need 2 more... oh, also, little (4 5 and 6) kids go 2 this camp so they need 2 b age appropiate ( i wanted 2 do heres to  the nights but thats not very appropiate)... thanx a ton!!!!
 for the record ya'll im just checking because it seem like these days people forgot what real rap and real rappers are especially when i hear crap like wayne is better then cats b.i.g. pac jigga pun & nas just checkin
I'm looking for a sad song about a girl and a guy and the girl keeps waiting for him and eventually gets tired of waitting thanx everyone!!
does anyone have any goodmusic sugestions like bands and songs?????
If you go to this site, all you have to do is go to SNOCAP.com to set up your free account with them, then go to www.yourmuzicradio.com to get your FREE hookup. They are advertising this promotion until th 31st of this month. The thing I like about this site is that it's clean, & decent. No RAP or HEAVY METAL. You'll see what I'm talking about. Good Luck to all my fellow artist. Have a blessed day.
 and its not  R.Kelly' song
That you've heard recently. I'm looking for new music. So help me expand my library. Please keep it tasteful, and I appreciate no instrumental or rap. :) Thanks!
all i need is a site where i can download free albums online just like mp3000.net, emp3world.com, kohit.net like these sites but they only give songs and i cant find the songs im looking for. just like for free  so i can put in my itunes>>   dont say anything like buy it from itunes and all that  like i mean nothing u buy just right clik and clik save target as and it will download ,,               somthing like that and not only good charlotte but like any other artists         >> thank u for ur help ^_^ sorry guys i forgot, not like limewire or bearshare           or anyother sites like that
i have a huge break in my voice...from about the b to the e (above middle c).....(passagio) it sounds really airy. i can sing the notes but it sounds airy and not nearly as bold as my high head voice or chest voice....is there anything that will fix that besides practice? i find that even when i practice my voice hurts.....i am pretty sure im doing everything correctly though...is it supposed to hurt when you are working on a weak part of the voice? P.S. ive been singing since i could talk, but only recently got professional training....i also have a very powerful and bright voice...could i be straining??
i need a NEW or old but barely popular cool r and b or rap i could put on my profile.  helpppp ?   :/   i'm re doing my profile and it looks stupid without a cool song.
Like: Keller Williams Phish Umphrey's Mcgee 311 String Cheese Incident  or maybe like STS9   any other bands?
There is a song by Mariah Carey called: \"You will always be my baby\"  and i want the notes  to play it on the piano and i already checked youtube but there was nothing
i have my stripper audition tomorrow idk if i'm supposed to bring my own music but i better just in case, i really like rap songs and especially eminem what are some good songs to strip to?
So i have this song stuck in my head but im not sure if its the right lyrics, and its driving me insane.   i THINK it goes..  i love you i love you i love you but sometimes you just gotta let go,   or something like that. similar, i don't know, not much info i know, but i am so desperate i am going mad....its very upbeat, and obviously catchy if its stuck in my head..  and yes, before you say it, i have googled it. no luck, so i'm thinking the lyrics are wrong or i am just insane and the song doesn't exist. dude thanks, you are awesome. totally saved me, i was going mad :-]
It can include your all time favorite songs, or whatever.  Thank you. :)
techno,trance,electronica,pop,alternative,etc
I don't know the exact words but i kinda kknow a part of the lyrics. Its like  \"I got my daisy duke sittin here right on my side\" thats all i know. It is like rock/country ish? Idk please help if u can :D thanks.
here are the words to the song if they help anyone..i really need the chords everytime I lift my hands its because of you  everytime I lift my voice its because of you  everytime I bless your name its because of you  everytime I bring you praise its because of you  Chorus:  its because of you that I dance  its because of you that I shout  its becaues of you that I lift my voice in his presence with no doubt.
Ok So who are these songs sang by? 1. Mama I'm a Big Girl Now 2. Bend and Snap 3. Migrane 4. Bossy 5. Laid Back 6. Geek in the Pink 7. Seeing You with Him 8. Wait a Minute 9. I've Got a Gift 10. Walking On Sunshine 11. Time After Time Thanks!
or like where i could find or search for a song like that because i really need to find a song like that
wanted either slow ALTERNATIVE/ROCK songs about missing someone or good love songs like red jumpsuit apparatus or the perishers and/or happy music like the beach boys or backseat goodbye ot motion city soundtrack
i have been looking for a particular r&b/pop song by a female artist from either 2001 or 2002. the beat and melody of the song was similar to that of a nokia ringtone from that time the song was released. if i am correct, the lyrical content included numbers. it was like she was counting. for eg. 1.............2........3.....4.... PLEASE help me find this song. it is driving me nuts!
First music video/interview  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pxq3t3kbh...  Second music video  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8J2HnncFz...     What do you think of them?
Basically I'm into thw whoel screamo emo rock stuff. What are some good bands?
If you play it backwords supposevly says \" In the name of lucifer I command you to spread the blood of the innocent\"  or something like that.... Yeah, it was in Little Nicky
Who wrote Amarillo By Morning? Who all has recorded Amarillo By Morning?
I'm going to one on August 12th.
what's the name of the Album by Treble charger that features the song hundred million. I think the album is called hundred million but i'm not sure if it is.   PS: a torrent to download the album would be appreciated but not necessary
http://www.zshare.net/audio/1483644964d91bb3/  That is me singing Fully Alive by Flyleaf. I know, I suck but do I have potential? And advice? Thanks!
What song is that lyric from? I'm not sure its definitely that exact phrase, but its similar. Also, it is not Bury Me In Black by My Chemical Romance.
i need to know the name of the song at the end of this house episode i just saw really like. the episode is called fools for love. so please help me i already went to imbd and it didnt really help me
Okay, so my friend and I are currently working on our singing career and I need an honest opinion about some lyrics. So just tell me what you think of these :    Just hold on, hold on tight. Life's a ride, but it'll be all right.  Okay, that's all I have right now. Good start? A song has to start somewhere.  xoxo I've never even heard of angels and airwaves. Who's it by? Freakin' A!  What the frick? It's pretty funny that I haven't heard of Angels and Airwaves and yet one of my ideas sounds like one of their songs. Well, scratch that idea.
Favourite bands. Rock, RnB, Hip Hop, Pop etc.
i saw it at a store on sale for 119. Its my first time playing so yeah. obviously its not gonna be pro and good but is it decent???  heres the specs  http://www.londondrugs.com/Cultures/en-US/Product+Detail/everything.htm?Catalog=Everything&ProductTab=3&BreadCrumbs=Everything;Everything;Musical%20Instruments;Musical%20Instruments%20subcat;Maestro%20by%20Gibson%20Double%20Cutaway%20Electric%20Guitar%20Kit%20-%20Blue&ProductID=2468213&Category=Musical%20Instruments%20subcat  if you are too lazy to click on the link  Maestro by Gibson Double Cutaway Electric Guitar Kit - Blue  \u2022 Double cutaway electric guitar \u2022 Single humbucker pickup \u2022 Volume and Tone controls \u2022 Rosewood fingerboard, maple neck, poplar/maple veneer body \u2022 Includes 5 Watt amp, cord, pick, strap, extra strings, and DVD guitar lessons features  This model is based on a patented Gibson design dating back to 1961 and has religiously been held in the hands of rock gods. It's fast neck and razor sharp sound have inspired fanatical worship since it's inception. whats does the meaestro mean?
I only heard this for the first time the other night and the rest this morning on my way to work but the samples are tight, the lyrics/stories as good as you'll hear and the beats are nice too.  What's your Favourite tracks off it and how many classic LPs does Ghostface have?
i listen to mainly classic rock, metal,blues,rockabilly, but i like old country alot too.....and i know of johnny cash,willie nelson,hank snow etc......but id like some people to list some muscians/bands that are old country from the 40's,50's,60's thanks!
please list as many songs as you can that are very good to play at a party that people can Glowstring to. Thanks!
i was at work and this music video came on, but i wasnt there in time to see the artist. i think its 90s to 2000 rock. the guy is wearing no shirt in the video most the time, its rock music and i cant remember any of the lyrics...i know this is vague but can someone helP?
Ive noticed the music videos for \"3's and 7's\" and  \"Knights of Cydonia\" both have the same movie trailer style music video, but who did it better and why?
OK there is this song on the radio that played a couple days ago it is sang by a girl...it is a pop song...it is a few years old...and somewhere in the song she says \"running through my veins\" i can't figure it out so please help me !!  Thank You Jessica
please be mine- http://www.midomi.com/index.php?action=main.profile&username=deeshadoo# umbrella- http://www.midomi.com/index.php?action=main.profile&username=deeshadoo# Jingle bell rock- http://www.midomi.com/index.php?action=main.profile&username=deeshadoo# burning up- http://www.midomi.com/index.php?action=main.profile&username=deeshadoo# I learned from you- http://www.midomi.com/index.php?action=main.profile&username=deeshadoo#  these are just some of my best ones feel free to check out comment and rate my other recordings! sorry these links are to the same page please go to the page and click on recordings then choose the recording you would like to listen to my best ones are burning up, jingle bell rock, please be mine, umbrella and i learned from you! so please can u rate and rank me on those thkz? by the way im only 11 don't go hard please!
What was George Strait`s 51st #1 Song?
the lyrics are something \"turn up the radio\". Im not sure what the song is called but its not black eyes peas and it was rap. I heard it on a local radio station that plays mainly rap and hip hop. Its not jurassic 5, or Eazy E. Its a recent song i think, and it might be popular my friend didnt know the name though so im not sure.
I'm starting to fall in love with this album. It's soooo good. Anyone a fan of it? What are some of your favorite songs? Also, what other albums do you recommend by them? wooper, i'd imagine a great live show from them. i must go and see them!
I can play the whole song until the first solo so far except the first verse. i suck with chords so can someone post or show me a place were i can see the whole verse with tabs? Easy points.  Thanks
I think that would be awesome! What do you guys think?
Does anybody know if Taylor Swift still does the free meet and greets after each show? If she does, do you know if she does them at outdoor concerts? Also, do they still sell stuff at the outdoor concerts? This is for Rascal Flatts/Taylor Swift concerts. not solo. Thanks in advance for any help! ~Rose~ Thanks in adva
Which song do you prefer?
Not playing music (although I play 3 instruments) but listening. Is listening to music a hobby? My mom says it isn't but I say it is. She says it's pointless but I say ALL hobbies are pretty pointless.   So anyway, I need a new hobby that's not \"pointless\". Got any suggestions? I suck at sports and socializing so anything non-related to that. I hate malls and I dislike most people. And there are only 5 girls in my grade and they're all really girly and listen to mainstream hip-hop and pop. no. ok.....well I collect CDs. Is that a hobby? I don't want to go to the mall. All there is is people and clothes and I dislike both with passion (except clothes but I don't enjoy shopping.).
What #1 hit song of George Strait's was written by Mark Wright and Vern Gosdin?
http://answers.yahoo.com/my/profile;_ylt=Asj4XJHgpBk2zKGKIaUxccKu.Bd.;_ylv=3?show=7700c470a1f13d5f7e22e943a3a935caaa I heard 50 cent gave her crabs now she's tryin to spread it in the HH section.ahhahaha
I've been singing for 8 years now, and I really want to try out a camp....any suggestions?
i like some pearl jam, white stripes, jack johnson, RHCP arent bad, Coldplay... im sure you get the picture. looking for some good songs like these bands. best answer will go to best songs
Here's all that I know -It's a guy singing - One lyrics is \"DJ put this on replay\" (this is repeated throughout the song) -Another lyric is \"Cuz I'm a good look\" (repeated lots throughout the chorus) -It's a fast dance/techno song
...the moon softley whispers goodnight..rock away in the morning rock away in the night rock away in my arms as im holding you tight? who sings this?
ive been wondering if there's like groups of girls/boys from ages of 16-25 just like the wondergirls or big bang but in the united states...that sings english KPOP style... or is there any agency that is interested in that kind of idea...
country music
What was George Strait`s 50th #1 Hit Song?
im a kinda girl who love songs with good beats. so pplz help me i need new songs. my fav genre are: techno- reggeaton- hip-hop-[plz no lil wayne] rock- ska- bachata- r&b-    help=[
I dont know the lyrics well at ALL cuz i only heard it a few times and i was drunk lol. But  the chorus is like \"(somethin somethin somethin) ay! (sum... sum... sum ) ay!\" and the way the dude voice sound when he says \"Ay!\" is like high pitch and crazy and he doesent drag it out like \"ayyyyyy\" just \"Ay!\". I know this aint alotta info but if u have any idea at all please help me out! thx It definately aint Juelz Santana he doesent say the \"Ay!\" like that. Sounds kinda like soulja boy but its not his style does tho. And the \"Ay!\" is kinda high pitched and silly Its not a slow song its more of a silly dance song like \"Get silly\" or \"crank dat\".
http://youtube.com/watch?v=1IS8p6EBu28  Thank you for your help.
here are the lyrics this is all i can remember  i walking in around and round and round. i walk in around and inside out (after that theres techno in the background)
Life's a bitch/ depending on how you treat her you might get rich\" - Jadakiss
I'm taking lessons, but i like to learn on my own sometimes. I've learned the entire A minor Pentatonic scale, and the entire C Major scale, and i would like to know what i should learn next? Should i learn the major and pentatonic scales in every key (A, A#, B, etc.)? And also, should i learn the blues scale in every key? And if i learn all that, what should i learn after that? Are there any interesting/exciting/flavoring scales i could learn, because i love to improvise and come up with riffs and licks and stuff. Thanks.
Who sings/name of this song? I only know like one part of it. \"you love me but you dont know who I am\" Or she loves me. Not sure :]
I want to listen to a song, but mute out or lower the vocals. I'm trying to figure out a strum pattern but the vocals are distracting. Is there a way to do this? Or is it just really complicated? If an instrumental existed, I wouldnt be asking.
What is the name of the song they play for the commercial for the shield on fx? I think its by beck and some of the lyrics were like \"some may say this maybe your last\" and thats all i remember i think those are the lyrics. Does anyone know what song this is?
I'm not thinking of Bryan Adams or DJ Sammy...it's a really fast-paced version; sounds like dance music/techno.
What was George Strait`s first #1 Hit song?
How does Jack White (It's Jack right) play the \"bass line\" to 7 Nation Army on his guitar?  It was one of those songs that I've heard on the radio a lot, but I never knew it was by a band that I liked until I looked it up.  It was the last band I would guess just because I knew that they didn't have a bassist, so I was really suprised when I heard the intro in the video.
Who do u guys think I can't decide.
i look in your eyes i see a daisies i cant find a way to see the real u. u say u love me u call me honey but i don't think its true get on with your life see tho the skys.......................................what do ya think
remember in concert where he wore the jersey? Im looking for the picture but cant find it. Anyone have it? c'mon people this is important!!!
I know the lyrics may be totally wrong but to me it sounds like the guy is saying:   \"goody-bye goody-bye goody-bye goody-bye goody-bye number 1...goody-bye goody-bye goody-bye good-bye goody-bye number 2..lemme hear you say yeahhh (yeahhh)..say ohhhhh (ohhhh)..yeah (yeah)..oh (oh)\"  He says the goody-bye part fast (or atleast it sounds like goody-bye to me..lol)  please help!!!..i've been looking for this song all over and i can't find the name of it...its like an old-school reggae/dancehall kinda song...thanks!
I can't stop listening to his albums. My fav songs are probably dope show, coma white, coma black, and the nobodies.
i've looked everywhere  for it like on 8notes.com but it isn't there and i wanted to know if anyone could e-mail something to me thanks.
what kind of guitar was it?  I know in the music vid it's a Gretsch White Penguin, but was that the same one used to record it?
it says something like F*** in my back seat, and that is all i remember, but is is not really rap
thats all \"and you cry and you cry...\" like 8 times.
The whole video is getting up, traveling to clubs and bars, getting drunk, into fights with a bartender and a bouncer, dancing, and hooking up with a hot chick from the club, going home to a rat hole and a mess, kicking the girl out, and then at the end of the video the camera goes to the mirror and it turns out to be a CHICK!  Who made this? I can't remember the name of the song or who wrote it. If you have any ideas, please help.
why o why do the ppl who like screamo music like it? you know the death rape rats eating my mind type stuff? i have nothing aginst it its just not my cup of tea and...it scares me a little...ok alot.....but i have nothing aginst it just asking. hey joso i like hip hop lol but i like alot of other things too so no bad blood here. honestly alot of ap dosent make sense but the old scool stuff isn't braggy(most of it) but reggaeton does, in fact ,suck lol
Does anyone out there know some good musics sites such as Rnb, hip hop, reggea, carnaval stuff like that, give me some good websites i can download or listen to songs.
What was George D. Hay`s contribution to country music?
Please help me!
Like A Song About Love At First Sight??
Can pickups of the same style be interchanged with a different model? For example, if I have a bass with single coil split pickups, will any split pickups fit, or just ones designed for my model? Thanks for the help.
sheet music to foreigner urgent...  i'm am in desperate need to find it. please write back
no rap or country. mostly rock, metal, techno, emo, screamo, ska things like that.
Rainydays Verbal Intercourse Glaciers Of Ice
i'm not feeling so well today and i need some music
Tennessee Moon\"? Best answer will be chosen at random from all correct answers Sorry it's not Neil Diamond I'm looking for, think Classic Country. Hint: While continuing to appear on the Grand Ole Opry, recorded several other hits during the late 1940s and early 1950s, including \"Signed, Sealed and Delivered,\" \"Tennessee Waltz\".
so i went to his concert last year and oh my GOODNESS was it amazing.  and Keith Urban is my favorite singer ever and he is going so i don't think i will be able to handle myself!! lol and Leanne Rimes and Sammy Hagar, it's going to be such a good show!  who has been? is it AMAZING?!  i cannot wait any longer
Ill state my opinion later... I know I say this all the time....  but Job For A Cowboy is my guilty pleasure. I cant explain to you why I like them, but I do. You really think that Adam W?  I always considered BMTH just a less-talented JFAC who crave attention. This sentence....  JFAC is really just a brutal death metal band now..... I hate genre classification....lol I completely agree gjfjghj(?)
If anyone knows websites where you can get free music instead of buying it please tell me. Please don't suggest limewire. I heard It was bad on computers and nothing that can give you a virus. Thanks!
ummm yeah i love dark music, so I was wondering if enyone had any good sugestions of bands and songs???
Hi everyone. I'm a classical pianist, and I'm actually looking for a job playing the piano at a bar/lounge. I have absolutely no experience with this, and am terrible at improvisation. So, where can I find good sheet music for piano lounge/bar situations for piano solo songs? Thank you
were can i download and find this torrent?
 i woke up early in my hotel room waiting for my alarm to go, i think about the things i've gotta do, damn my minds gonna blow maybe i'll just stay in bed today cause it's no fun to be the one going out of my head you're looking for something you can find ( buy?) there's always something in your way you're gonna have a good day i quit my job about a week ago told him that i need some time im freaking out about whats ahead...  (and yes i know how to spell, it's just the guy sang it that way,lol)  so if you know who sings it let me know thanks!!!
is all i know is it goes like \"Come to jesus, Come to jesus, Come to jesus , and live.\"
What exactly does this song mean?? Please help
Take a look at this: http://answers.yahoo.com/my/profile;_ylt=Am8RZEexh_0Rfaf1ftRWsanRxQt.;_ylv=3?show=d1rXaJu7aa  Another Kool-Aid overdose, I've been seeing ALOT of these lately. Most of you in R&P are older than me, therefore you've been around longer and I'm asuming you'd know more than I do (if you're younger than me you can still answer) so my question is this, What is it about the Jonas Brothers that makes some girls so ****ing crazy? I can't figure it out, maybe you can.  MQ: What's your favorite album from the last 8 years?
what brass instrument is used in Elvis Presley's song, \"In the Ghetto\"?  trumpet? trumbone? and string instrument is in it too... what was that?
Buzz Cuts The Buzz Buzz Ballads   Something else besides songs from those albums
spoken I pulled up in the driveway and oh it sure was good to be there And through the open door I could see dad that was asleep in his favorite chair.  Bonus question:: Who wrote the song?
you should watching this lmao http://youtube.com/watch?v=St4YgGmbHwQ&feature=related Pat is so hilarious. forgot about a question hmm question is   did you watch it??
The Warrior is a Child     Words and music by Twila Paris     Lately I've been winning battles left and right  But even winners can get wounded in the fight  People say that I'm amazing, strong beyond my years  But they don't see inside of me, I'm hiding all the tears     They don't know that I go running home when I fall down  They don't know who picks me up when no one is around  I drop my sword and cry for just a while  Deep inside this armour - the warrior is a child.     Unafraid because His armour is the best  But even soldiers need a quiet place to rest.  People say that I'm amazing - never face retreat  But they don't see the enemies that lay me at His feet.     They don't know that I go running home when I fall down  They don't know who picks me up when no one is around  I drop my sword and look up for a smile  'Cause deep inside this armour...     Deep inside this armour...  Deep inside this armour...  The warrior is a child.
the song starts off where shes saying shes been in kitchen all day slaving over a hot stove and her nails popped off in the cheicken grease,then it goes to the song and shes singing get on up,and in the beat u hear like thunder and lightning and like a whip
Lyrics: \"why don't you build me up buttercup\" Sorry I don't know more of the words help if you can. I love this song too I just can't remember the words or the singer
The first time I saw was in 2004-2005 and the video looked like recent one at that time.
I recently heard a song between an Italian and a Mexican band. I have no idea what it was called. Any idea who it might have been? It isnt hips dont lie. They have this italian show on the radio every sunday morning. They play a lot (if not all)  italian songs from Italy. Most of the show is in italian too. So it isnt anything mainstream.
i justs need some new songs or old song please try not say rap or anything Lool.
Anyone have that song? I've looked everywhere for it with no luck. If you have it could you send it to me? No, it's not by Cypress Hill.
whatever the genre it may be, its driving me crazy not knowing the name of this song.  I came here hoping someone might know it....   Well, the lyrics goes something like.....  (lots of beats)....dreams *3x  Use your fantasy to live your dreams  an open heart and open mind will help you through to leave behind Life is not always what it seems Use your fantasy  to live your dreams  When I hear your voice I see a million stars appearing in the sky writing our names into silver letters  close to you is where I'll be maybe in another lonely night I'll be there to give you love  You wanna call me baby Your gonna drive me crazy Is it the way you talk or the way you say you love me baby *3x --------------------------------------... ...i tried searching the lyrics but I didn't find what I wanted...
does anyone think t.i. is taking rap into a different and new level with his new song no matter what?
sung by addison road but not written by
How unfair?!? I just looked up \"Greatest Love of All\" on Wikipedia and I read this: \"...The original album version features a piano intro, while the single version begins with a keyboard intro. After the single became a success, it replaced the album version on subsequent copies of the album...\"  That is soooo dumb! Why would anyone replace the original with the keyboard intro? The piano version is MUCH prettier... Who agrees that the piano intro version is BETTER than the watered-down keyboard intro version? The things ppl do for money...I read that this was done because of the money the original was raking in (or so I assume) That may explain why most radio stations play the keyboard intro I mean I like keyboards as MUCH as the piano (don't get me wrong) but the Piano version is much more prettier...  http://www.imeem.com/divalicious/music/W7aB4DUS/whitney_houston_greatest_love_of_all/ (Piano intro) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fPyzKNLBe_8&feature=related  (keyboard intro)
Lets see your list of rocks best bassists, guitarists and drummers. My list: Bassists: -Jack Lawrence (The Raconteurs) -Geddy Lee (Rush) -Tim Commerford (RATM) -Flea (Red Hot Chili Peppers) -Steve Harris (Iron Maiden) -Mike Dirnt (Green day) -Dr. Matt Destruction (The Hives) -Krist Novelslic {Nirvana} -Oliver Riedel (Rammstein) -Tom Araya {Slayer)  Guitarists: -Tom Morello (RATM/Audioslave) -Jack White (The White Stripes/The Raconteurs) -Eddie Van Halen -Jimi Hendrix -Linde (HIIM)  -Herman Li (Dragonforce) -Kurt Cobain (Nirvana) -Kerry King/Jeff Hannerman (Slayer) -Josh Homme (QOTSA) -Jimmy Page (Led Zeppelin) -Niklas Almqvist (The Hives)  Drummers: -Taylor Hawkins (Foo Fighters) -Neil Peart (Rush) -Meg White (The White Stripes) -Dave Grohl (Nirvana) -Lars Ulrich (Metallica) -John Bpnham (Led Zeppelin) -Tre Cool (Green Day) -Joey Jordinson (Slipknot) -Brad Wilk (RATM)  I could go on and on but i want to hear what you have to say. Try to avoid using mine, but its alright if you use some oh yeah AngelOVDea i forgot Dave Lombardo from Slayer. He is an incredible drummer. include the band there in too.
Its an old song. Blessings my way. blessings my way, You know the Lord keeps sending blessings my way.
i freakin hate this guy, he broke up with me. he always expects me to be there for him when HE wants to talk. song that says im WAYY over you boy? thanks:) and the reason im asking the freakin question oc cause i want a song! jeeseee
For my friend's birthday I'm making her a video with clips of all her favorite actors (her \"husbands) and I can't really think of any good music to use. All I could come up with was SexyBack by JT and I'm Too Sexy by Right Said Fred. Both of these seem kind of unoriginal though...any ideas?
it goes blow that m*** f**K wistle my bad i meen (blow) that wistle
please please help
It's sung by a man, probably on the contemporary genre.  I hear it everyday at work but have no idea who it's by.
On track 13, what song is in the background when Ghostface begins talking about how he could die a pair of clarks? Sorry i think its track 11(glaciers of ice) or track 14(spot rushes) not track 13(wisdom body).
ok first what should i write abouut? second well i need the song third thx not about love (i like the idea of a song about a crush though) I NEED A SONG !
its a garage track from around 1998-99 and has the following lyrics, \"this ones going down to all the pretty girls wave your hands up in the air i wanna rock with you, this ones goin down to all the fellas in the house, wave your hands up in the air i wanna rock with you , were having a party, come up and join me , bizzies party
How does it feel to know you're everything I need? The butterflies in my stomache that could bring me to my knees How does it feel to know you're everything I want? I got a hard time saying this so I'll sing it in a song:  I adore the way you carry yourself With the grace of a thousand angles over head I love the way the galaxy starts to melt When we become one when, we become one. When we become one when, we become one. How does it feel?  How does it feel when we get locked into a stare? Please, don't come lookin' for me when i get lost in your mess of hair How does it feel when everything you've known gets thrown aside? Never fear, my dear, 'cause we have nothing left to hide  I adore the way you carry yourself. With the grace of a thousand angles over head. I love the way the galaxies start to melt. When we become one when, we become one When we become one when, we become one.  thats all i can fit. I hope you can help!
The Warrior is a Child           Words and music by Twila Paris      Lately I've been winning battles left and right  But even winners can get wounded in the fight  People say that I'm amazing, strong beyond my years  But they don't see inside of me, I'm hiding all the tears      They don't know that I go running home when I fall down  They don't know who picks me up when no one is around  I drop my sword and cry for just a while  Deep inside this armour - the warrior is a child.      Unafraid because His armour is the best  But even soldiers need a quiet place to rest.  People say that I'm amazing - never face retreat  But they don't see the enemies that lay me at His feet.      They don't know that I go running home when I fall down  They don't know who picks me up when no one is around  I drop my sword and look up for a smile  'Cause deep inside this armour...      Deep inside this armour...  Deep inside this armour...  The warrior is a child.
=]
ok i listen to pretty much classic rock, and i need some new music to listen to!   i already listen to: beatles led zeppelin pink floyd queen rolling stones bon jovi ac/dc  yall get the picture  but 4 ppl who listen to basically the same bands, what others do u like? any recomendations? thanks!
Can you help me figure out this song please~ 60-70's  oldies
does tokio hotel have an fan email address or anyway that fans can contact them??? please let me no!!! thanks bunches!!!!
please give me the lyrics for this album, all songs!! or a link to the lyrics of the entire album! thx
In the movie Cats Don't Dance they sing a song at the end called Nothing's Gonna Stop Us Now and all the sites with lyrics for that song say that Sawyer says  \"Take 4 and 20 that way And bake it in a pie Before you put it in the oven, babe, you know they're gonna fly\" But really she is saying \"black birds\" instead of \"that way\". Those lyrics make a lot more sense anyways. It has been bugging me for a while and I was wondering if anyone else hears it too. Its right after the lines \"I've got a dream in my heart, nothing's gonna stop us now\" in the very beginning. The curtain opens to show the elephant on the piano in the background and she says it. What do you think? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R1gNYwVdLoQ
its was a rock song, and it was about this guy that could see when people were going to die.. he could see like the ticker above peoples head... and in the end he saves someone from dying, and then that person could see what he saw... i think?
Does anyone know the name of the song at the start of this video: http://youtube.com/watch?v=PHVLUoqaLjw  Sounds like Chopin to me.
Im trying to find the name of a new razor song (but i dont know if his name is spell this way or not). Does anyone know the name of the  new razor song it mostly talks about a girl, its not like most rap song. best answer get 10 points.  Thanks
its from the acura car commercials and it sounds like \"its a trouble kid its a trouble kid\" or \"its a drama kid a drama kid now\" any ideas?!?!
HEy DOES ANY ONE KNOW THE NAME OF THIS ONE SONG THAT ITS R&B AND A GIRL SINGS IT I DONT REALLY KNOW HOW IT GOES BUT ITS BEAT KINDQA SOUNDS LIKE DANANANANANANANANANANANANA PAY BACK ...PAY BACK...IT SAYS PAY BACK ALOT OR SOMEHTING LIKE THAT..AND NO ITS NOT BY JAMES BROWN..ITS BY A GIRL..I THINK SHES BLACK..
who thinks that lil wayne is the best rapper alive?? i do not, i think he is overrated  my favorite rapper is kanye west but the best rapper alive is hands down Jayz.   opinions??
Know any good bands? I'm looking for something that sounds similar to Summoning. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lDcp_vD6HI
to katherine mcphee - love story..... i need the tempo alittle faster, and i need to to be at least 2 minutes to 2:20. i neeed parts cut out, and want a new twist to it. please and thankssss!
like these types of songs; The Day After- Lil Crazed (ft Jermayn) I See Me and You- JKP Let Me Luv You Girl- Mr. Capone-E The Realist Song- Ruff Child My Baby- Chuckie Akenz Survive This- Justin Delacruz aka Shiny 360- Josh Hoge
who sings \"just a little bit\" or \"just a bit\" something like that? It's not Liberty X, more recent song that just released. it's actually by a girl called \"just a little bit\" or something like that. The group is called \"like you lead\" or possibly close to it.
Go to myspace.com/vfathoms and check out our newest song called \"enter your dreams\". thats my band and we are working on making a different sound.
Ok this is a band between me and my friends, it's nothing to seruis, we got a singer (Me), my friend Chris plays Acustic Guitar, My other friend can sing and play the electric, and we have a drummer. We're maybe gonna play soft rock or metal. Not sure so is a bass required? You shouldn't really tell me how to spell, or speak english. Either way It's spelled \"You\", not \"U\"
I play acoustic guitar and I love the song Losing Sleep by Charlotte Someone. I want to learn it, but I can't find the chords AND lyrics! I already checked chordie.com and azchords.com but no luck. If someone could please give me a link to (preferably) a web site that has it or if you have figured it out that would be great!!! Thanks so much!
Okay, guys, so we all know we\u2019re cultured, sophisticated, educated, emancipated dudes, right? And we love great music and the composers who wrote it and the composers who write it now and the performers who play it right, right?  So when we\u2019re watching Hilary Hahn perform on stage, when we\u2019re listening to this magnificent violinist perform, we would never drool, we would never fantasize that we could replace her ex-boyfriend as the main man in her life, we would never imagine her playing for us alone, naked, right?  We\u2019re all above that sort of crass way of thinking, right?  Why is it that so many of the fine looking babes playing classical music are violinists? And who would you pick as America's Hottest Classical Performer? Actually, let's not limit it to American women. I wouldn't want to leave out babes like Catherine Manaoukian or Jane Murphy. Sunwa, you're right. I should have made this light-hearted joke of a question for both women and men to answer. As to Kelly Pan, she's way too young to quality. I hope people realize I'm talking about performers at least in their 20s. Alberich, I posted this as a light-hearted way to pass a Sunday evening. I actually can watch Hilary Hahn play without THAT kind of physical reaction. However, away from the stage I couldn't honestly say this. And to me all women with talent and minds and strong wills and courage are beautiful women.
http://www.pown.it/1394 Thanks ^^
Who would win in a fight to the death, and why?
Ok so I have a couple of songs that I don't know what they are called, so I will give a couple of lines and tell me the name and artist if you know it. This is an easy 10 points! 1. Shante. Oh I can't wait to get next to you. Oh I just Can't leave you alone. Boy you got me doing things that I would never do. I can't stop the way I'm feeling if I wanted to. I'm crazy about the way... 2. She says she's no good with words ... This is falling apart you have time. This is these are the lives you love to live... 3. Take a look at my girlfriend, she's the only one I got. Not much of a girlfriend I never seem to get a lot... 4. I like where we are when we drive in your car. I like where we are here. Cause our lips can touch and our cheecks can brush. Our lips can touch here... 5. Oh! Trying to let it go. Trying to keep my eyes closed. Trying to  keep it just like before. TImes when... 6. ... Did you think that I would cry on the phone? Do you know what it feels like being alone?...
Why do so many people hate?  He got crazy beats and hes nice with the wordplay.  I don't get it whats there to hate?  If u listened then u would reazlize that Lil Wayne is a beast!
If you haven't heard it search for it on frostwire its an incredible song.. but yeah does anybody have the lyrics? I can't find them anywhere. Thanks =)
What's a good song that says \"I still love you as a friend, but not as a boyfriend\"?
Anyone know the lyrics to the VBS theme \"Cactus Canyon\" song?
it seems to me that the best rappers today are all from the 90's Nas  Common OutKast Talib  Mos Black Thought etc None of the Lil Wayne stuff either, that lil fool makes no sense Ice Cube yes DMX no @Omagus....Cube qualifies as one of the best rappers today. I left him out of my original list. @Eason..go cry elsewhere...your like a little b@tch Lil Wayne and Lupe are very popular in this section so I left them out to get some answers with substance like Omagus' Didn't know I was here to be liked especially by some crybaby. Now I know why you Kanye like so much he's a crybaby too!!! Thumbs donw not from me....I don't care that  much like the crybaby.  My first E-Beef.....eh overrated I'm bored now.
no screamo or such. good, fun, teenage music. stuff like boys like girls and we the kings. thats what i listen to but theyre getting old. thanks
2 weeks ago every single radio had that song on it is such a old soong why r  they playing it now
What is the name of the song that has much of the same lyrics by Kid Rock in Bawitdaba, I know its one of the songs in Forza Motorsport 2 and in one of the Scooby Doo movies  (the ones with actual people acting).
Bands--- Boys like Girls, Mayday parade, All Time Low, Paramore, Red Jumpsuit Apparatus, etc
What's their strangest song? I'm interested.. haha i agree with the people that say they still love the band even though they're strange. strangeness is acceptable, right? :) lmao, stabbing the drama. I've seen that video! It's definitely horrific.
ok in the new movie picture this! commercial there is a really good song and i like it. does anyone know what im talking about. and if so please tell me what it is ha i would love it for my ipod
OMFG!! I just went blank what is the name of that new cd with song like temperature, snake, whine it up, etc.... and it has a jamican flag on the cover it's called tropical something plez help!!!!
Hi, I've been playing guitar for 6 months (I got a guitar for Christmas last year). I want to learn more but don't know what to practice. First I learned chords, tabs and simple songs. I also learned barre chords, power chords and finger picking. I have an acoustic and an electric guitar. Recently I have been attempting  to play songs that I am familiar with but I'm not making much progress. What should I learn/practice next? (I am in band so I know the meaning of chords and can read sheet music.)
The only time I've had difficulty finishing listening to a song was, \"Providence\"- Godspeed You! Black Emperor which is 29 minutes long.
I looked on the website for the Country Stampede and counldn't find any information...
It has an all brass intro shortly followed by the singer and a saxophone solo. other lyrics are \"cause when i ask her do you love me all she ever say is 'do what?'\"
- she's that one chick one girl i can't get her outta my mind, (something something) i think about her all the time (something else ) she's that one girl from my fantasy. any one know? pleaseee help lol
some bands i like  Three Days Grace Linkin Park Seether Breaking Benjamin Stone Temple Pilots  Eve-6  I need new Music! I also like System of a Down so some music like them would be nice can you please list some good songs by each of the bands you list
what are the songs to def jam vendetta  and def jam 2
i am not to sure if that is part of the course but it is def. repeated in the song. it is sung by a male country singer, and i want to find this song. PLEASE HELP!
Alright i am tryin to find out how the Young C album will do ti comes out soon please don't use google.  1. Have you heard of Young Chris before this, Where did you hear of him?  2. Have you heard his singles?  3. If you haven't, Rush - http://youtube.com/watch?v=ggBLnebPCQM Never Die - http://youtube.com/watch?v=vJEwHAo1w_w Coast 2 Coast - http://youtube.com/watch?v=CPHOeF3MZvo What do you think?  4. Would you consider buying his album  Thanks for any answers I know Jay is really high on this dude and is tryin to push him and get some publicity
ok so i know this doesnt make much sense but i just started playing the acoustic guitar and i am really confused about when you are in a chord and playing a song do you play the line notes while your still in that chord. and if so do you just hit the note of the string or do you strum down from the string thats the note that you want to play....?
 EMINEM SONG ONLY
well , i want your openion in my music .. cause i wanna make an album .. and to be honest with you .. it coasts alot of money .. and i dont wanna make it and loose alot of money .. so , if you please can help  http://www.reverbnation.com/malakoot  thank you
summertime: new kids on the block leavin': Jessie McCartney low: flo rida shake it: metro station
where can i find beethoven's 5th on the piano for intermediate  (if anything is spelled wrong sorry)
What are some of Lil Wayne's best songs?
I've seen people post comments with music on people's pictures... How do I do that?
EVERYBODY wants this song; here's the youtube link for it   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QuzdUovgaYE  Anybody know the artist's name?
I was thinking of becoming a punchline type artist.....If I am still talkin bout somethin that matters will punchlines make it more interesting...Like Chamillionaire
new artist  been on cmt country music
I would bring back either john lennon, george harrison, or freddie mercury. What about u?
Who are these people that are a part of the Black Parade, and why are they there?, and What is the Black Parade in general.
Miles Davis, John Coltrain, Charlie Parker were addicted to heroin.  They are the most famous of  many, many heroin users in the music world (not just Jazz).  Yet they were devoted musicians who reached incredible heights musically.  I'm curious if heroin was just a high they enjoyed, or if they used the drug in order to get into some kind of mental \"groove\" for the hours and hours of practicing they must have done to become so fluent on their instruments. Anyone have personal experiences, or stories to tell?  Serious only please.
The beginning of the song starts with someone sayin \"About moneyyyy! About moneyyyyy! (says sumthin) About moneyyyy about moneyyyy! Anybody know what the name of the song might be??? ......Thx yall!
What would you suggest for songs about wanting to be with someone even though you know it won't work out? Knowing that there's something there, but it just can't be.   Or about remaining friends even though your feelings for them are stronger than friendship?
I heard a song and it sounded just like her song.. But it was something like \"All my skater friends..\" instead of Stripper..  Anyone know what song it is?
does any one know how to get my toms to sound like the drummers set from nirvana. for example like in heart shaped box  plz and ty  ^_^
Someone told me to hear it \"that it was good\" but my computer wont load fast;[  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmcguevQ5v4
I find it hard to make out the words to some Nirvana songs \"in bloom\" and \"heart shaped box\"  is very hard to understand the words \"lake of fire\" and \"come as you are\" are relatively easy songs to make out the words
Can someone please send me the mp3 for this song asap!!!   my e-mail is kthnxmarina_x3@yahoo.com
Some of the lyrics. You want it all get on the phone now this is real sail away take you. how does it feel its never enough for you.
theres this music video where the guys are singing, and there are kids in the recording booth, and everythings made out of string or something and theres a robot outside the building or something...and everythings unwraveling.   anyone know the song? i wish i knew some of the lyrics...
Are there any rnb songs about the guy not having trust in a girl..and thinks hes cheating on her?
i like a lil rap, love rnb and latin music. im a big selena fan so in latin music i really only listen to her and jlo. like any kind of rnb. in rap kayne west ........ any ideas!!
Everyone I sing in front of says I have an AMAZING voice....and I don't have stage fright or anything...but my problem is that I don't know how to make it in show biz world as a famous singer! Can someone please help me out with some tips and pointers and whatever else you can offer?? :)
Any bands that are alternative, punk rock, rock, or pop?
What song was it, and why exactly do you think you listened to it so much? I know there are plenty of amazing songs, but why this particular one, or few? I listened to Hyacinth House by The Doors, Venus In Furs by The Velvet Underground & We Are All Made Of Stars by Moby for so long I thought my brain was going to eventually melt.   ...In a good way..
Lyrics go like we gettin money like oh oh oh, when we come down we shut the block down.
The song was really sad. I saw the music video for it and fell in love with it but it was a while ago. All I remember is the guy died in the end I believe. I think it was Hero or something like that, but I'm not sure.
i want like top 40 songs that are newer like fresh that noone has heard before. and if you wanna share your favorite song thats great! thanks (:
(1) You choose ............... to teach you playing or improve your electric guitar playing . (Angus Young / Eddie Van Halen) (2) You choose ............... to teach you or improve your drumming skills . (Ian Paice / Neil Peart) (3) You choose to teach you or improve your bass playing skills ........... . (Chris Squire / John Paul Jones) (4) You choose ......... to teach you or improve your skills on acoustic guitar . (Nick Drake / Neil Young) (5) You choose ........ to teach you or improve your keyboards skills . (Ray Manzarek / Rick Wakeman) regardless of alive / dead situation !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'm not an ignorant when it comes to Rock , I gave you choices to choose from , not to state your own favorite .............. what is it with people ..!!! !!!!!!!???? @ JuggaLotus ~[PJU]~ Underground For example : my favorite guitarists are Page , Hendrix & Gallagher , yet they're not here ...
Some of the chorus goes \"What is love? What is love? I just want it to be love.\" and I cannot figure out the name of the song to save my life! It sounds new-er and kind of bohemian.  I really want to figure this out! PLEASE HELP!!!
So im making a slideshow with pictures of us and such for her, and need a song idea to put in the backround  I was looking for something sort of popish but is obviosuly about a guy loving a girl
It almost sounds like Lily Allen, but i know its not.
The song starts out in the beginning with a male artist singing, \"There is a place, where there is no secret, everytime, everytime...\" that is all I remember.   The chorus of the song is by a group of women singing, \"There is no secret, ooooooh  ooooh oooh\"  If anyone can help me thank you because this song played only once in a year.
What are some good Jazz/Soul songs. Like, any jazz songs you would suggest &/or soul.
It's not a typical teens stupidity it's something called \"stereotypical jazz pianist\". I am an amateur jazz pianist and play only since two years, but I can play ragtime (original score) pretty well (my teacher judged me). My teacher studied at a music university and after two years of lessons he told me that he had taught me everything he could. Maybe I learned fast cuz I practiced a lot (during vacation, 10 hours a day) but here is my problem: everytime I see a pop singer or modern singer, live Avril Lavigne or Demi Lovato that play piano I tend to think they are better than me.  PD: I improvise bebop and hardbop. My favorite songs are Epistrophy, Blue Monk, Trinke Tinkle, Cherokee and just friends. I went to a jam and played with students from Berklee Nothing profesional, I will remain amateur or just go semi-profesional I have a pretty strange style. It's not elegant, It'not popular It's, in fact, the most strange piano style I have heard (I record myself and compare with other jazz cats) My teacher told me I have really interesting improvisations
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsoHl47o1HM
How do I go about hyping things up to be on an poppin to where it goes wit the subject but keeps the listener intrested? I mean more imphasis not pernuciation(i already got that one down)
What do you think the meaning of them are? Detail would be great.  http://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/afi/thistimeimperfect.html
it goes something like \"she's mine, oh baby she's mine all mine\" or something like that it might also say \"she's fine\"  I heard it in a movie with Adam Sandler....I think... sounds kind of old no it's not by John Lee Hooker nor is it shorty like mine  it sounds sort of like Bob Marley....
I heard a song while I was in China.  All I remember is that it was sung by a boy band type of group, it was sort of rock/pop, they road in a car and ran around, and part of the song went shi sha sha shi sha sha. shi sha sha WOO WOO!  I can't remember anymore.  Does anyone know>  Thanks.
what do you think about the new song \"Australia\" by Gyroscope
ive been hearing this one song since i was very little. Its a country song a man sings it. its about this little girl who has parents who neglect her. in the song it talks about the man on the cross
is it possible that any other band today rocks like the foo fighters? i think not..dave grohl is a rock and roll hero
I was listening to the radio earlier today and I heard a latin version of Richard Marx's song Right Here Waiting.  I thought I heard the DJ say it was by Don Juan and DJ Three Fingers, but I can't find it anywhere.  Any one have any idea what it's called and who it's by.  Thanks so much!
I LOVE Blackwater Park by Opeth and want another album.   I have The Slip by NIN and it was just okay but I heard some of their other albums are masterpeices so I want to give them a chance...especially since my friends are crazy about them. trevor, Trent released the new album for free :) it didn't suck though, it was just disappointing especially since there was so much hype coming from my friends. I might just by 3 Opeth albums since a few are kind of cheap :)
do you know the name of big herk new 2008 CD
hey, me and my friends started a band and we pretty much got all the instruments and gear but all we need  is a singer who lives in the Dacula GA area. it'd be ok if they lived within Gwinnett county though.  it doesnt matter if its male or female  also the band's genre is rock, metal, accoustic, and blues ok for the person tht posted \"hold auditions\" thing, im askin for ppl on here! i aint gonna waste my time on postin flyers F*** you Pulse the reaso why im looking for a singer Andrew is cause none of us can sing, we sound like a cat dying
its in weird als trapped in the drive thru wen he turns on the radio heres a link its start at about 6:29 http://youtube.com/watch?v=qmGVYki-oyQ if you can get it ill give you best answer
ive heard the song at a couple of bars already and its somewhat upbeat, and its a guys voice. indie pop kinda music
I play the bass guitar , and i need a place where i can get some good bass note/tab books . I need Maroon 5 sometime soon, but I want somewhere that has a good variety so that I can get other books in the future . ideas ?
Does anyone know the setlist for what Ted played at Ribfest?
ok so i'm gonna write a song for my 11th birthday party but i dont have any good ideas please help
I just got Taylor Swift/ Rascal Flatts tickets. I got lawn seats. I know thats like horrible, but I was just wondering if you could see anything at all, or if you were just listening to the music? Thanks in advanced,                                   -Rose-
i've been waiting far too long...
The only lyrics I can remember are \"higher, higher, and high--er\". It seems it was a kind of slower dance song probably from the late 90's. Female vocalist. Thanks!
The chorus goes like this \"im more than a hustla, im the defintion of it\"
http://profile.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=user.viewprofile&friendID=277947606  its the first song on the list. I cant hear all of the words and I cant find the lyrics on the internet, can someone tell me what hes saying, i heard something about stop running away
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k90Xc_KhdBA&feature=related The sheet Music.
it is gold colored and has the batwing headpiece and is in pretty good working and cosmetic condition. everything on it is stock.  what is a good price for it?
Which metal band do you prefer?   :) Here you go.... The Haunted http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DW2cktOi-Kk http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7yzH8cQTuRk http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-P6KXpj_n8&feature=related  Nightrage http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xpSE3sX5kk0 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EjINfktVHq0&feature=related http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-XqML3lrQo&feature=related   :) Enjoy!!!  Nightrage oops I wrote Nightrage twice...
For me it's Hyacinth House by The Doors, and Hey Baby (New Rising Sun) by Jimi Hendrix. I've no idea what it is or why it happens, it just does.  Don't think I'm making very much sense but anyway.. Yes Mr. White, it is. Good answer too. =] Sailing Outdoors - Ahhh, The Rain Song! That's one I completely forgot to mention.
I'm looking for good, chill songs. To make a big mix tape with... Stuff like the below.  Collide- Howie Day Hallelujah- Jeff Buckley Follow You Into The Dark- Death Cab For Cutie I Just Don't Think I'll Ever Get Over You- Colin Hay Such Great Heights- Iron & Wine Snow Patrol
i need to no wat the song is in the begining of \"the notebook\" it is lovely iwanna download it its like a piano tune ... it is so beautiful
i have a Boss DS-1 Distortion Pedal, Peavey 10w backstage transtube amp, and a Starcaster by fender. I'm new to the guitar and currently learning to play \"Iron Man\" by Black Sabbath. i tried to play around with the pedal and amp but im not getting any sound that resembles the song, all i get is a high choppy mess.could it be my amp?  thanks
shawty get loose, the chris brown chorus she got it, the t-pain chorus bust if baby, the chorus dance like theres no tomorrow, by paula abdul the chorus touch my body, mariah carey, the chorus damaged, danity kane, the chorus forever, chris brown, the chorus sexy can i, ray j, the chorus
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KAKKBthOjBo  what is the chord she plays at 2:18?
Theres a new ad with a song that sings \"shake shake shake\" alot, not sure what it is??? anybody know?
I'm burning a CD for a friend. She's wanting a mix of hip hop, rap, and country... but i don't know any good songs. i only listen to rock. Can you give me some songs to put on the CD plz?
im wonderign if theres any site i can type my tabs in to see if they have been used before
I need it for an auspicious occasion.
ive been playing 3 or 4 years i guess? im like, between intermediate (?) and advanced intermediate. what would be a good piece to play?
I want to be able to play along with my church's band, which usually has a couple of guitars and a singer.  The only kind of music I have been able to find is transposed versions of the singing part. I want to find something that is different from that - like a harmony, or just a different violin part. I know a lot of songs have string parts in them, but I can't find any sheet music for these.   Popular worship/gospel songs would be good.  Anyone have any ideas?
The one with Shaun T?
I need some instrumentals to do some karaoke. Plz tell me some free websites!
this song plays on the radio all the time ...it goes somewhat like this......it has akon in it   cause your sweeter than apple pie.....
in the begining it has someone weird saying i cant stop missing you, i really want this song. any help???
Every person that I have seen that has been looking for Trauma Center sheet music says that it does not exist. I only found Savato, but that's not the one I wanted... it's not even my skill level anyway (I kind of just started, I am attempting to teach myself to play). I would really like the one from New Blood... the really sad one- the one that plays when Markus is talking to Professor Wilkens in the hospital room after they find him in Kidman's hideout. Or the one from Second Opinion that they played whenever someone died. Thanks in advance to whoever helps me!!
by songs not just country other charts I wanna look at particular songs and listen to each one to see if I like it I wanna look at all the charts specially rock and pop from any year I want like 2001 or whatever what I can find. I need that for my album collection in songbird I only want the nice people to answer this question
I'm glad my parents didn't name me that   Oh and isn't he a rapper anyways?
straight laced, cute faced, city girl living in her northside, high class world been kissed, been missed, shy of 16 high school princess, drama queen  she's a perfect 10 sitting there listening  to another song about some girl and her boyfriend but secretly she wants to be in love again to be held to be kissed and in the end, to finally end her search for the perfect man  pursed lips, and those hips, out tonight crossing her fingers the time is right sees him, oh him, what to say now she's losing it and he's looking her way  she's a perfect 10 sitting there staring at another guy is he some girl's boyfriend? and secretly she wants to be in love with him to be held to be kissed and in the end to find out if he's the perfect man  well she's a perfect 10 sitting there singing to her brand new song about some girl's new boyfriend and secretly she knows that she's falling in love again she is held she is kissed and in the end she finally found her perfect man ps: there's a piano interlude and a sweet key change between the last two \"refrains\" (between \"if he's her perfect man\" and \"well she's a perfect 10\") =] Lyrics first, then i sing the melody to myself, then i go to my piano and find out which notes i was singing to myself.  after a little improvising on the piano, tada, i've got a song
what're some good greenday song? I like slow ones like \"good riddance\" and \"closing time\" what're some songs like that by other bands?  thanks
like don't trust me and the songs that are on their myspace
Can you please send me the mp3 for the song \"There For You\" im talking about the full version  please ive been looking for it all day! and my parents won't  let me buy the cd my email is willthethrill09@sbcglobal.net
I need some for like 2 or 3 people to lip sing to.
It's an older club-sounding song...  It goes...  Yeah, bum bum bum bum, bum bum bum bum bum, Yeah, <something something (sounds like dance dance)>  then a girl starts to sing and it sounds like.. pump it up and feel it (or something to that effect - really not sure.)  It's an awesome stadium like song.  Just can NOT figure it out.  Any help would be appreciated.  Thanks!
i forgot what's called and who sings it it goes something like  \"and if i stop ever thinking of you,  i probably choke on the words i never said and if i stop ever thinking of you i bury my heart and fall back in my bed...\"
i really want to be a singer/songwriter/guitarist. have wanted to since i was 6. and i got my mom to get my guitar lessons and stuff but everything else has been hiden behind the door and under a cover. how to do really open up and tell them, i fear most is that i will get laughed at. im only 14 and dream every night being on a stage just pouring out my heart in a song
I have a Takamine EG544SC 4C, and the neck literally snapped in half. What is the process of getting a guitar neck replaced? Do I need to buy the neck and take it into a shop? Roughly how much would it cost to get it replaced? Could I get it replaced exactly? (the same model neck, i mean)....  Thanks for your help guys!
k it goes sonthing like 'can't break me down, burry me, burry me, i have feelings with you'.............just heard it on the radio and i like it but i can't find who sings it help me please!!!
I LOVE to sing, but the problem is I am so shy and so unconfident. Each night I dream about being on stage and singing, and having tons of great fans.  The problem isn't stage fright, or getting a music producer, my problem is singing in front of people. Even in front of my own mother!  I used to be in a chior and sing in front of more than 1,000 people and I wouldn't get nervous at all, I am also in a dance team and preform in front of more than 5,000 people a month. But when it comes to my voice I am shy when it comes to solo.  I am afraid I might have a 9 year old's voice (baby voice), I used to have a vocal coach and he said I still had a 'baby voice' but I would grow out of it by the end of this year.  How can I get over being a shy singer?   P.S. I know this guy that could write music and make me a CD (also record my voice too).   Is their any tips or tricks on how I can be more confident?  My fav singers are Natasha Bedingfeild and Jordan Pruitt, I love their voices.
I wanna find some new songs that are good. For example; luv - janet jackson, booty music - deepside, shake and pop - green velvet, galang - M.I.A, things like that. does anyone know of any?
Rodney Atkins always has a bad a ss cap on anyone know of a site with similar ones?
If you go to addictedtonoise.com and vote for user sets mode+ we can put some awesome regional talent on the map! (not to mention the singer is pretty easy on the eyes...)
What is the name of the song that has lyrics that say something about timberland knows how to climb the charts and then something about from him they could perfect the art.  Its a rockish song. Thanks Lisa it was Pork and Beans
It sounds like a good song, I start to hear it at the part where Amy's dad is leaving and Amy's sister is yelling at him.
did they break up or did they retire
safe sex is great sex,beta wear a laytex cuz u dont want that late text.that i think im late text
i need the lyrics 2 Chris Brown-Froever
i want to go to a jonas concert in NY, and  i want to make sure i can get good seats before asking my mom to get the tix as my birthday present.   which ones are a better deal?   Floor 5 Row C  Sec. 108 Row C   (i know sec. 108 is raised so i was wondering which one i could get a better view of)  Please HELP!
early to mid-90's maybe sounds like SRV, could be KWS, searched lyric search engines, music sites, cds, but havent found it, it's been 11 years since I heard it and I can still remember that part...but I dont know the song.
I am looking for a meaningful song that deals with any type of issue in our world. Sort of like Dear Mr. President by Pink, except I need the song to be appriate for kindergarden-Gr. 8.. [No vulgar language] Thanks in advance!!
get a song without the words.  im looking for tokio hotel songs without the words (instrumentals)  i am almost positive there not out there. is there a software or something?  no dumb, or mean comments please
 My Grandma used to sing it all the time and it is about a little girl that dies and goes to Heaven.  I think another line of it is, \"Tiny was just 6 years old.\"  The song is at least 40 years old.  I really want to teach it to my son and can't remember it all.  Thanks.
Just wondering  :)
all these subgenres confuse me! okay, so can someone now explain what metalcore is?   i know what hardcore is... how many other cores are there?
For my birthday I'm getting the Epiphone SG special guitar player pack from Guitar Center to start playing guitar , and was wondering what a good pedal is? On the site, they have these FAB danelectro's that are 15 bucks, and was wondering which one to get.
I was there and liked the song with her singing it, and i'd like to get it.
I'm looking for this older hip-hop song.  I have found the lyrics all over the place, but no song.
all i know is one verse sound like \"head up in the sky watching the angles fly\"    what is the name of this song?
10 pts best answer
 Edit: no lyrics please, i got them. thanks anyhow.
ok, so need a song to make a video to. i thnking along the lines of everything by Acursivememory, dead end by the formats, something like that, but people i know already did songs to that. i need a song thats lyrics are easy enough to dance to with motion..you know. i dont want a old sounding song..please help..
The ony lyrics I can remember are\" Well he'd lean back in his rocker with a bible in his hand, and he'd talk about religion and just how the world began\"
its a alternative song, sounds like OAR and it could be them. here is the tune in it. \"DA da DA da da dum DA da da dum, DA da DA da da dum DA da da dum, i can be......\" its a alternative song, sounds like OAR and it could be them. here is the tune in it. \"DA da DA da da dum DA da da dum, DA da DA da da dum DA da da dum, i can be......\" it was a song they played on my high school baseball team, so the lyrics are tough because it was a long time ago.
I really want to go to a concert that's in about a month, but I just moved out of state so I have no friends near me.  Haha.  My mom said she would take me, but my brother would come and they would probably stay back out of the thick part of the crowd.  I would just go straight up to the front as far as I could.  Is it still as fun to be at a concert by yourself as it is with friends?  I've never been to a concert before, and this is one of my favorite bands so I don't really want to just not go because I don't have a friend to go with. lol
I'm pretty sure they say bird-game money, but its hard to know for certain.  Its rap music.  Anybody have a clue what the songs called?
Im to a concert with my firend in a weeks time to see The Getaway Plan, and i want to throw something onstage, something that i can write on. hmmmm any ideas??? and dont say underwear lol.
When System of a Down broke up Serj did a solo album and Daron and John are doing Scars on Broadway.(Album out on July 29) What Band is better.
i love the really powerful classical music, like with drums that sound like they are 5 foot diameter. like the heavy metal of classical music.   i here it on movies, to evoke peak emotion, but i know there must have been some insane guy way back when that was always b@lls to the wall raining emotion down.  help me out, who do i look up?    thanks alot
This one starts at 7:30- so what time is reasonable to expect it to wrap up by? 11? 12?  I've looked but I can't find the \"set\" end time.  I'm thinking of suprising my girlfriend by taking her, but if it's 1 or 2 that it'll finish it won't be so good for the next day. This one starts at 7:30- so what time is reasonable to expect it to wrap up by? 11? 12?  I've looked but I can't find the \"set\" end time.  I'm thinking of suprising my girlfriend by taking her, but if it's 1 or 2 that it'll finish it won't be so good for the next day.  As far as I can tell there aren't any opening bands- the concert hall's website doesn't mention any and one of my in-a-band friends said he hadn't heard of anyone opening this concert
I have a question, why do people say the fender squier sucks? I have played and owned other guitars and this is my current one ( I switch often since I like trying out other guitars) and it plays just fine for me. I just don't understand, I mean I can pretty much play any song I want on this and it gets the job done. I don't seem to understand why ...
NaS is the artist, and it's called The General (Salute Me), i pretty sure that's the title.  I have the lyrics if anyone knows the real name of the song, thanks  RHH for LIFE!!!!!!!!!!!! [Swizz Beatz]  Yo man, it's a real game out here  Know what I'm sayin Nas?  Beats back in effect man  Swizz Beatz da monsta (what's poppin?)    [Nas]  Get in line, everybody get in line  Listen the fuck up, to what's going down  Pay attention, aight?    [Chorus]x2  Niggas salute me, bitches salute me  The block salute me, the hood salute me  You should salute me, they should salute me  So fuck who you are  I'm the motherfuckin general    [Nas]  When I walk through everything stops, silence  Remain quiet, babies don't cry thugs don't buss  Cops cut off sirens, oxygen freeze  Noises to a minimun nigga, I pop and I squeeze  I represent the pain and struggle  Cut out your eyeballs then brain-fuck you  Yo you testin with death  I'm confronting the justice, expressing my voice to the public  They got to free some brothas or we kidnap the judges  They got to free some sistas or we kidnap the judges  They got to beat the system that's
Can you please help me find some websites where I can get completely FREE sheet music (piano) for Taylor Swift and Rascal Flatts? No downloads, just free? Any of their songs...  It would be a HUGE help, thanks so much, I've been looking for hours, but obviously I've been doing it wrong...  Thanks so much in advance!
Are there any songs/artists that have music like Geek in the Pink by Jason Mraz, or a song like Play (Video Games) by Krooked K?  I like those songs a lot, but haven't been able to find any like them.  Or really any songs with a good beat and some geeky stuff.   Thanks in advance if anyone knows!
I don't know a ton of the lyrics but it's sort of alt rock here are the lyrics I know it's something like \"I've got felling in my bones\" that's the only line I know. It's a newer song  I know it's not alot to work with but I would really love the help =]
thanks. i'll give points.
okay there's this song and the chorus goes, \"L-o, L-o, L-o, L-o-v-e, L-o,l-o,l-o, l-o-v-e\" its not the song by Nat Nicole King or whatever it was a popular song a year or to ago. And if the chorus is l-o-v-e i will feel really stupid.
I know that the second version was played slower, but did they change the notes and stuff as well?  Becuase i tried playing along with it and it sounded off, compared to when i play with the original..?
What I'm not interested in hearing is:  *Anything in the screamo genre *Anything similar to Fallout Boy/ Panic!at the disco (I'm asking because I'm interested in bands I haven't heard of, not bands that are all over the radio - looking for underground music) *ANYTHING with blood or death in the title (Definitely not looking for music that makes me want to cut myself) *Anything that is pop Ex: the secret handshake, rediscover, trillit, boys like girls etc. Not my thing *Any hardcore/ house techno - picky with what techno *Any indie or rap  Bands I know and like (in order):   The Medic Droid Hellogoodbye The Bloodhound Gang Fischerspooner Geoffrey Paris Goodnight Nurse Millionaires Jeffree Star Say Anything Hollywood undead Alice in Videoland Breathe carolina Cute is what we aim for The academy is playradioplay!  I've probably already heard most of your bands so good luck and thanks. Help is much appreciated, tired of my old playlists Think something fun to dance to, drink to, or drive to (not at the same time)
Hey, I'm looking to get some free guitar sheet music and tabs to practice, but can't find any good sites. Anyone know a good site that's free and available online so there's not much fuss to get it? Thanks for the help.
I have a microphone, but it dosen't sound great in the play back. Just want to be able to hear what I've played..mostly for critique purposes. Thanks for any suggestions.
I searching to places to practice my guitar in edmonton. know any rehersal space?  thanks
i heard it 1 day on the radio it was like oh no i drank to  much hen oh no they done scuffed up my tens please help
We Ate the Horse You Rode in On by Vanna http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OYDs8Dqo-00 I decided to post one of these for myself. xD Haha..
It starts with:  \"Lord I want to go higher, higher then I've ever been before.\"  I thought the Clark  sisters sung it but I cant find it under there name.  Please help if you know
does anyone know who \"The final countdown\" is by?
 How could I not remember 867-5309? Keep em coming, guys.
This is the chorus: \"what you doing lil mama,  how you doin lil mama,  what it is, lemme try to take you home with me...\" nope, neither.
What are some good, or the most popular polka songs?  My stepdad is going on a fishing trip next weekend with some other people, and he wants me to download some music on his ipod that they could listen to. I already got a bunch of songs, but he told me that one person who is going likes polka music, but I have no clue what are good polka songs. Can you please give me some of the most popular well known polka songs?   If you don't know any polka songs, then what are some good songs that are fishing related?
I need all the charts to look at by songs not by genres it doesn't have to be all country as long as I like it I am a big fan of country music. I listen to other kind of music too! mostly rock an pop and where to listen to them and for the past years too from 2000 or any years. I need that for my album collection in songbird these are some particular songs I like Tattoo-Jordin Sparks Stop And Stare-OneRepublic I only want the nice people to answer this question
It's mid-winter here in South Australia - freezing, wet and thundery, and I'm sitting here at work feeling cold and miserably HUNGRY (it's still an hour until lunchtime!!!)    So in the meantime, I'm racking my brains, desperately trying to come up with classical music that mentions FOOD!   I can't feed my stomach just yet, but if you can help me nourish my mind, I'll be eternally grateful!  Hafwen x So far, I've come up with three: -Coffee Cantata (Bach) -Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy (Tchaikowsky) -The Trout (Schubert)  Surely there are a few more...
 Just to clarify, I'm looking for somewhere to download it legally!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GYmd7AKPA68
There is a song, and in the chorus it sounds similar to Newfound Glory's voice, a kinda 'held-nose' type sound. The only thing I can think of is the words  \"something something Airplanes\"  I though it was \"The Clarks, Butterflies and Airplanes\" cause the lyrics sound similar. It's a punk-rock song, and yeah, I would love to know the name of it.
I'm new to guitar, and I know the basic C A G E and D chords, but, for example, when I play the C chord, I usually accidentally end up playing all the strings, even though you aren't supposed to play the first string in that chord. Any tips for learning how to not play certain strings.. ahh I don't really know how to word this sorry & thank you if you answer. I don't mean putting my finger on more than one string, I mean strumming all the strings, not just the 5 you're supposed to strum.
I  have never attended  a  concert  at madison  square garden. Im  going to attend  my  first   this  month  and  in  my  price  range  i  could  only  affrd  seats  in  the  section  347   Has  anyone  sat in  these  seats  for  a  concert at  MSG .   Are  they  good  /bad  seats  ?..  Is  there  any  obstruction  in  the  view  of  the  stage  by  lights  etc?
I don't know if that is the actual name of the song, but my daughter is an alto and heard a song she first referred to as \"Alto Melody\" about an alto who wants to sing Soprano and doesn't want to always have to sing the harmony.  Does anyone know the actual name of this song and where it comes from so we can find the lyrics?  Thanks so much.
It has the following lyrics  sun gets to shy  i hear song from another time  so far so wrong    all of this is exact words but i can't find it lyrics.  i'm pretty sure it was played ALOT in the ninety's.
I have a high singing voice.
so when your down ill left you up ill be the one...\" i can't remember all the lyrics to it but thats part of the chorus.
http://www.kicksonfire.com/wp-content/uploads/2007/11/nike-air-zoom-flight.jpg  I'm thinkin of copin um from Champs but what do you think they are the new J Kidds  RHH: Guess what three RHH cds I got for $4.50? alright i went to FyE and they had some sort of sale and i ended up gettin these three used cds for 4.50 all togther  Busta Rhymes - The Big Bang (suprisingly good)  Fat Joe - All or Nothing (first half was good)  Lil Scrappy - Bred 2 Die Born to Live ( I love the song Money in the Bank)  They were medicore albums but for $4.50 i could not pass it up Dwight I don't wear Lebron's or Melo's cause I don't like either of um and the new jordans are 50 dollars more but I was looking at this pair http://www.myairshoes.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/04/nike-dunk-high-grey-vintage.jpg  yo check this out i came arcoss it http://images.google.com/imgres?imgurl=http://dailyfunnypics.com/wp-content/uploads/2007/04/human-shoes.jpg&imgrefurl=http://123haha.blogspot.com/2007/04/funny-human-skin-nike-shoes.html&h=294&w=400&sz=26&hl=en&start=18&tbnid=iXSW5uJh02MvkM:&tbnh=91&tbnw=124&prev=/images%3Fq%3Dnike%2Bshoes%26gbv%3D2%26hl%3Den DC i had the second ones in red and orange a while ago, they come in all different colors
possible covers include nirvana, the offspring, the police, red hot chili peppers, foo fighters, stone temple pilots, smashing pumpkins, radiohead, oasis, weezer, etc... any help is greatly appreciated
the song's called \"here goes nothin\" by nevershoutnever  If timings everything stop telling me you're taking your time I know you're anxious But you're running your mouth like you're five Years old again It's so hard to pretend  Like I know everything I dont know anything I wanted you to see That I got nothin  I'll sit back and I'll watch the show I'll lay awake and I'll watch the stars as they collide  My eyes they do see I don't breathe the way I used to My lips they don't sing I won't be the way I was on that night  Steady breathing is all I can advise To a girl with a sweet tooth for revenge I know I'm crazy but it's so hard to pretend  Like I know everything I dont know anything I wanted you to see That I got nothin  I'll sit back and I'll watch the show I'll lay awake and I'll watch the stars as they collide  My eyes they do see I don't breathe the way I used to My lips they don't sing I won't be the way I was on that night  Was the night everbody agreed I was wrong about you I told them you were being so strong I knew you were a liar I knew you were a liar from the start (x2)  Don't treat me like I'm playing a game Cause baby I don't want to lose Baby I don't want to risk it all for you  My eyes they do see I don't breathe the way I used to My lips they don't sing I won't be the way I was on that night
I love it!! My favorite song is Violet Hill.
ummm im wondering if my voice is normal or not...  when i sing my voice is kinda vibrationing... sometimes its kinda hoarse (epecially when i sing for a while)
Does anyone know?  If so, I bet the song was a major hit.  If not, they should make one, then it'll be a big hit.  Tell me if you know or not.
i've been wondering for a while who sings the female vocals with the guy o__o\"
The songs are from pump-it-up exceed X2 the Korean song  It is the second song(after the Beethoven's Virus)   Please tell me the name of the song    http://youtube.com/watch?v=h4R04XV1cBo
Does anybody know any information on the Jonas Brothers Private Event thats being held on August 12 in NYC?  Like where? when? How do we get in? Do we buy tickets online or do we have to go somewhere? How much? Is it first come, first serve? Is it the CD Release Party? However, I heard the CD Release Parties were the three JB concerts at the Madison Square Garden. I'm going to one of them.   I need info on that Private Event! Sorry, if I'm all hard on this question but I really need to make plans. That day is my sisters birthday, too, so it's complicated. I really want to see them that day. Even MEET THEM! I don't know if I can there though because of the lack of info!   No Hate. Much Appreciated! (:
Ok, so someone in the background is like i, ii. like in the rhythm.  -Thanks
For me it was my first band. It was a pop punk band heavily influenced by Good Charlotte. Thank God I sucked back then and the band folded. It wasn't even a band really. All we had was a guitarist and vocalist.  Then...I formed some random glam metal band..those were some  dark times. Really Then I almost joined some shitty cover band for the sake of having something to do. One of my bands had 3 guitarists,no bassist no drummer and no vocalist lol
Make sure to read these lyrics while you're listening to it  Lyrics: http://www.sing365.com/music/lyric.nsf/Our-House-lyrics-Eminem/BFD3366E017CC72348256C21000BA9ED  Song: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R80ycGxy9xI&feature=related Who said anything about Eminem's best, read the title
Isaac Hayes.. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5tqAbrZeX0  the original with Dionne Warwick http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0R-ZE-gFcBA
Hey, i would appreciate it if someone could help me out and send me an invite to either what.cd or waffles.fm.  Thanx
Does anyone know where it was filmed?  He sings about \"Northern Michigan\", and I'm from the Upper Peninsula of MIchigan, so I was wondering if he meant the U.P. and, if so, where?  Thanks!
Do you know where i might find a guitar hero microphone for the x box? I looked everywhere and can't seem to find one. My friend's, daughter's, B-day is comming up on Aug. 3, and she said she wants a microphone for it.
it from life-size starring lindsey lohan and tyra banks take a look at this song- be a star!!!! http://youtube.com/watch?v=RpLGAbvBa2U&feature=related
One radio station that really annoys me is 96.5 ... it isnt bad but it plays alot of songs over and over..   1. Which station annoys you?? 2. What are some good radio stations for like RB hip hop? =]
It's an orginal near mint condition album (not CD!). A 1st pressing from England that has the original inner sleeve and all that. Here's some info. that verifies it. RCA RS 1001 (LSP 4852) UK Vinyl VICTOR [Gatefold]. C PRS 4543 side 1; C PRS 4544 side 2. British patent No. 800513 & 973939. From what people have told me it's worth quite a pretty penny. The problem is I have no idea what that amount actually is. I would greatly appreciate it if someone can give me a good estimate as to how much it's worth.  Thank you for your time. :)
I cant seem to get these chords, and wonder if anyone has any good tips?   heres the tab im using...  http://ultimate-guitar.com/tabs/b/beatles/across_the_universe_crd.htm  The hard part is when its 4X422 ect.
When i sing i have the range i want, but my voice can be kind of wobbley on certain notes and i was wondering what i could do to hold a more stable note.
im looking to find instrumental for song i like.. im dont want any vocals just the beat... im looking for songs like we can work it out- stevie wonder... or any more of his songs... mariah carey .. emotions, fly like a bird....ext. plzzz help with anything
These have to be photoshop right!?  50 Cent Kissing The Game http://poplicks.com/images/50cent-game.jpg  Lil Wayne Kissing Birdman http://i91.photobucket.com/albums/k309/thepopculturejunkie/102506/weezy_babysm2.jpg
I heard a bit of Prince's \"Kiss\" on the radio and i googled it to hear it some more. It's really good, he's my new obsession. But I am trying to remember a song that was on a phone commerical. I remember the commercial was about how that company's cellphones could recognzie songs if you held them up to the music or something of the sort. They put in a video of Prince. He was holding a red guitar and wearing some red leather. I think they song was something like \"I like my guitar more than I like you\". Could anyone tell me what song this was?? I would COMPLETELY appreciate it. And I would reward you with ten points.
Some more of it is \"I want to go home where the love I had inside me shines till it blinds me\" Some more of it is \"I want to go home where the love I had inside me shines till it blinds me\"  It's not \"Home\" by Michael Buble, or Blake Shelton
Anythin else? mostly about how rappers have bad life nd all for eg: Eminem:Cleanin Out My Closet Eminem: The Way I am Tupac-Ghetto Ghospal  And the songs dat made uu cry... name em all.. similar songs 2 Nickleback-If every one cared is kool 2  but dont gimme songs like 50 cent-Candy Shop   eminem is my fave artist of all time nd will be.. so yea  thannxx
I do not know what details means, this is my first question..
Like a lot of people who visit this section of Y/A, I'm a complete sucker for films about composers. Imagine having to match the right actor to the part of a famous composer - what a challenge (especially when getting them to mime playing their instrument!)   Some of my favourites have been:   -Max Adrian (Delius - \"Song of Summer\")  -Gerard Depardieu (Marin Marais - \"Tous les matins du monde\")  -Jeroen Krabbe (Handel - \"Farinelli\")  -Remo Girone (Lully - \"Marquise\")  -Tom Hulce (Mozart - \"Amadeus\")   There are many more films like this that could be made. So who do you think would make a terrific JS Bach, or a fine Vivaldi? Which current actor can you envisage playing Mahler, or Wagner? How about Haydn, Dvorak, Saint-Saens or Rossini? Or Monteverdi?  Here's your chance to select the perfect actor for the starring roles - and feel free to suggest any composer you like in your list!  Have fun...  Hafwen x
I'm supose to be going to Warped Tour at the Verison Wireless Ampitheater (Can't spell) In Charlotte NC. I just need to know:  How to buy ticket... I don't wanna be upclose I really just wanna try and meet bands How it's set up... I've heard it was really complex And Anything else I NEED to know  Help? Thankies ^^
whos that girl band that sings ''the middle'' just like jimmy eat world
I've noticed in R&P that if someone doesnt have the same musical opinion as you you emidilty \"slam them\" with some insault or a thumbs down.  Why dont people just respect eachothers opinions on it? I know it makes the section interesting but still why cant some people respect the opinions of others a little bit more? **I know that we all like the same things and we can express our opinions on Y!A. sorry about the spelling i have a problem with it. sometimes i see letters backwards.... and forget how to write them sorry about that...almost never affects me. sometimes it comes out in typing.
Oh man!! it's soo hard I just can\u00B4t beat Him !!!! some tips???some cheats??? some some... whatever!!!!! : ' (
it goes like i just drank some hen oh no i done scuffed up my tens ill probaly do this ish again ive only heard it once on the radio can you help me out
Hi guys, could u tell me the name of  a band or something about Christian visual kei, or Christian j rock, Christian  k rock, Christian j punk, Christian Jpop, Christian Kpop or Kpunk!! Please!! Onegashimasu!! Thanx
I cant seem to find the name of this song I heard on the radio today. It's lil wayne and another artist. I remember these verses but they may be off a bit.... Wayne saying: \"Im a dog, imma stunt\"  \"Im an uptown soldier\"  \"...and it looks like imma die this way.\"  Any clue?
i live in pensacola and i heard this song sbout it and idk who sing it but can u help
I only know a lil bit of the lyrics and it's christian btw.  A thousand times I've failed, still your mercy remains... everlasting your light will shine when all else fades, neverending your glory goes beyond all fame, and it's the cry of my heart to bring you praise from the inside out lord my soul cries out....
What is the song and where can I find the lyrics for this one? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C8mL_QM6jEU
the song is get up by superchick if you have any ideas on where i can get the song pleaz let me know
does it say.. boys call u sexy or whats up you sexy??? and does it say groupies or boobies???????? lol..
.. That makes you cry  whether it was just the one time or whether you turn into an emotional wreck when it comes on..  When I was 19, going back a few years i'll admit, i had this female friend, and she was my best friend. the best person who, to this day, i'll ever meet.. and she was run over..  at her funeral, Evanescence-My Immortal played, It's seen as like a rock/emo/goth song to an immature audience, but lt is genuinley one of the best songs i have ever head in my life  Ands when it came on, i burst out into tears  There are 2 versions to this song if it ever catches you. one is a more 'opening song' which is only played on piano and Amy Lee's beautiful voice..  the other, is a rock version, it starts with the piano, and then the guitars and drums kick in, making it a very powerful and emotional song..
ithought of putting the final countdown and cutit short so there is no singing, only music.is it suitable?
mozart and the whale? ive been looking for an hour... maybe someone knows where to look.. i just want the names of the songs and singers.
i usually don't listen to this kind of music but i am in the mood for some dance stuff... i am looking for some artists similar to these... britney spears paula deanda danity kane kat deluna jordan pruitt and kind of christina aguilara you know... pop kind of dance music.  thanks for your help!!!
Me and my friends need a new song for our cd. We need a song about a guy that a girl can't have because he already has a girlfriend. In other words, a song about a guy who's already been taken. Any help will be  appreciated.
does anybody know if the puddle of mudd concert is any good?  what is it like, cuz i think i want to go to one of their concerts?
Because he says he loves the way i sing.. He's asked a few times now, and i really want to but i don't know what to sing to him while he's falling asleep, and i keeping saying \"one day\", but i hate that i keep making him wait.  Any song suggestions? @ Hannah - No, he's not called Brice. How could you assume that from..this?  @ everyone else, i'll look into writing a song, i didn't think of that :]
The song New Shoes by Beyonce is on YouTube but I can't find it on iTunes or anything. I'm not sure if it's on any of her albums. It also might be called Postcard but I'm pretty sure it's called New Shoes. Also, I don't have Limewire so don't suggest it. Anyone know where I can find it? Thanks :)
Two questions... 1. Favorite song on the new albulm? 2. Favorite song of theirs of all time? Yeah- for anyone who didn't know, the new albulm is called \"Irony and Agony\", it came out 7/1/08.  IT\"S AMAZING  As for me... I love the first track on the new albulm called \"Calling all Skeletons\" and for all time fav...\"Radio\"
do you know where to find any backpacks on the internet with a band name or music stuff on it. NOT A BACKPACK THAT PLAYS MUSIC.i already tried hottopic.com, i want things like they have on hottopic, but not exactily. help.
I'm getting my first electric guitar.  I can pick out of getting a few brands and I was just wondering which ones would be better.  These are my choices: Epiphone Squier Ibanez Laguna Fender Yamaha Behringer  Thanks :)
looking for other girls or girl bands somewhat like avril lavine know any im not looking for hard rock bands more like girl punk and alternitive band or just singers
Like was Ozzy abused during his child-hood, see now I always thought it was about the catholic faith, if you can get what I mean by that by listening to the lyrics> Help, explain
Curious, you're very very curious, isn't it obvious but i keep hearing you asking me the same thing, serious you've very very serious, id wish you trust your eyes and keep em open wide
my cousin is an amazing singer she hits the highest notes ive ever heard but she wont sing in front of anyone cause shes to shy...how can i get her to sing in front of people
songs from like the 70's and 80's
Mine are   Led Zeppelin The Doors Jimi Hendrix Heart Van Halen Oh yeah my top 5 aren't in order and \"Jimi Hendrix\" includes The Jimi Hendrix Experience
i dont know all the  song goes like  this     \"today in a blink of an eye    your voice soundtrack summer  unlike any other    youll always be my thunder  \"
Obviously its a blues song and it sounds a lot like SRV of Kenny Wayne Shepherd, but I have no idea. Last time I heard it was mid-90's and it has always bugged me that I cant find it on any music sharing website, cd, lyric search engines....can anyone help?
Does anyone know what song thats from. I think those are the words.
I JUST GOT BORED
Is It There Looks You Love?Do They Inspire You?Have They Made A Difference To You?(I personally do love them and know why i just wanna know and learn other peoples opinions and point of views^^ Thx)
Ok I want to put the lyrics to the songs on my ipod. k and I put in the lyrics on my itunes. But they lyrics don't go onto my ipod when I plug it in. Anybody else have the same problem or know how to fix it?
heyhey, ive been into this whole scene for a while but this is my first time going to warped. My question is it appropriate to wear band shirts of a band who's not going ? i was told that if i wore a bandshirt of a band who's going its a no no and silly ahhaha thanks.
any good new songs? i'm bored with what music i have now and need some new stuff...
I've been trying to write two songs for my two best boy friends (freinds who are boys, so don't ask) but I can't think of a tune or lyrics. Can anyone please help me out?? Just answer yes or no and send something to my Answers e-mail (it's in my profile) and I'll let you know of any other details that you may need. Oh, and I'm an Alto 2 vocal range. one song needs to be a song that will probably make someone feel guilty (again, details expressed through e-mail) and the other one a happy love song (again, more details in e-mail)  Tahnks in advance!
i have a friend, a guy. he moved last year to another school. we still love each other but he doesnt want to go out; i want to. he just broke up with me not long ago and i know he still has feeling. know any good songs about this?? it can even be a guy singin to a girl, i just need a song about it. NO oldie crap please. thanks:) oh and he plays me alot, if that matters.
Well Hi.. Please no hate cuz i will report you..sorry..  Well iam a beginner in guitar and one of my friends is teaching me and he told me to start with a simple tune. Yule Shoot Your eye out - Fall out boy he gave me the tabs..i know  the strings in stuff but i  really dont knnow how to read this...can some one guide me if you will.. Best Answer = 10 points  |Intro|--  -Guitar 1 (0:11)-(0:21) fade in with first chords e--0--0--0--0--|--x--| B--0--0--0--0--|--x--| G--4--6--x--1--|--x--| D--4--6--6--2--|--x--| A--2--4--6--2--|--x--| E--------4--0--|--x--|       (2x)      (end)  -Guitar 2 (0:04)-(0:21) e--------------------------| B-----4--2--0----5--4--0---| G--------------------------| D---4----------4-----------| A--------------------------| E--------------------------|             (8x)   --|Verse|--  -Guitar 1+2 (0:22)-(0:39) e--0--0--0--0--| B--0--0--0--0--| G--4--6--x--1--| D--4--6--6--2--| A--2--4--6--2--| E--------4--0--|       (4x)  --|Pre-Chorus|--  -Guitar 1+2 (0:41)-(0:57) e-----0x--0-----0------0------0--0-----0------0----0~--0~--| B-----0x--0-----0------0------0--0-----0------0----0~--0~--| G-----xx--1-----x------1------x--1-----x------1----1~--0~--| D--5--6x--2--5--6--9/--2---5--6--2--5--6--9/--2----2~--2~--| A--6--6x--2--6--6--9/--2---6--6--2--6--6--9/--2----2~--2~--| E--3--4x--0--3--4--7/--0---3--4--0--3--4--7/--0----0~--0~--|   --|Chorus|--  -Guitar 1 (0:58)-(1:13) e--0-----0-----|--0-----0--0~--0~--| B--0-----0-----|--0-----0--0~--0~--| G--4--3--1-----|--4--3--1--1~--0~--| D--4--4--2--4--|--4--4--2--2~--2~--| A--2--1--2--4--|--2--1--2--2~--2~--| E--------0--2--|--------0--0~--0~--|       (2x)             (end)  -Guitar 2 (0:58)-(1:13) e--------------------------| B-----4--2--0----5--4--0---| G--------------------------| D---4----------4-----------| A--------------------------| E--------------------------|             (6x)   --|Pre-Verse|-- same as intro  -Guitar 1 (1:15)-(1:23) fade in with first chords e--0--0--0--0--|--x--|-----------| B--0--0--0--0--|--x--|-----------| G--4--6--x--1--|--x--|--6-6-6-6--| D--4--6--6--2--|--x--|--6-6-6-6--| A--2--4--6--2--|--x--|--4-4-4-4--| E--------4--0--|--x--|-----------|       (2x)      (end) (palm mute)  -Guitar 2 (1:15)-(1:23) e--------------------------| B-----4--2--0----5--4--0---| G--------------------------| D---4----------4-----------| A--------------------------| E--------------------------|             (4x)   --|Verse|--  -Guitar 1+2 (1:24)-(1:42) e--0--0--0--0--| B--0--0--0--0--| G--4--6--x--1--| D--4--6--6--2--| A--2--4--6--2--| E--------4--0--|       (4x)   --|Pre-Chorus|--  -Guitar 1+2 (1:42)-(1:58) e-----0--0-----0------0--|--0----0~--0~--| B-----0--0-----0------0--|--0----0~--0~--| G-----x--1-----x------1--|--1----1~--0~--| D--5--6--2--5--6--9/--2--|--2----2~--2~--| A--6--6--2--6--6--9/--2--|--2----2~--2~--| E--3--4--0--3--4--7/--0--|--0----0~--0~--|            (2x)                (end)   --|Chorus|--  -Guitar 1 (2:00)-(2:15) e--0-----0-----|--0-----0--0~--0~--| B--0-----0-----|--0-----0--0~--0~--| G--4--3--1-----|--4--3--1--1~--0~--| D--4--4--2--4--|--4--4--2--2~--2~--| A--2--1--2--4--|--2--1--2--2~--2~--| E--------0--2--|--------0--0~--0~--|       (3x)             (end)  -Guitar 2 (2:00)-(2:13) e--------------------------| B-----4--2--0----5--4--0---| G--------------------------| D---4----------4-----------| A--------------------------| E--------------------------|             (6x)   --|Bridge|--  -Guitar 1 (2:17)-(2:43) e-------------------------------------------| B-------------------------------------------| G-------------------------------------------| D------44---------44------44---11----22-----| A-2222----22-2222---------------------------| E--------------------0000----0----00----00--|                    (3x)  e--------------------------------------------------------| B--------------------------------------------------------| G--------------------------------------------------------| D------44---------44---------2------2------1-----1-------| A-2222----22-2222----22----------------------------------| E-----------------------3333---3333---3333---3333--3333--|  e--------------------------------| B--------------------------------| G--------------------------------| D----------------------------5--| A------4------4------4-------4--| E-3333---3333---3333---3333--3--|  -Guitar 2 (2:17)-(2:36) e--------------------------| B-----4--2--0----5--4--0---| G--------------------------| D---4----------4-----------| A--------------------------| E--------------------------|             (8x)  -Guitar 2 (2:36)-(2:43) e-------|-----| B----2--|-----| G--4----|--4--| D-------|-----| A-------|-----| E-------|-----|   (13x)  (end)   --|Post-Bridge|--  -Guitar 1 (2:44)-(3:01) e--------------|--------1--1--| B--------------|--------1--1--| G--5--4--------|--5--4--2--1--| D--5--5--3--5--|--5--5--3--3--| A--3--2--3--5--|--3--2--3--3--| E--------1--3--|--------1--1--|       (3x)           (1x)     -Guitar 2 (2:44)-(3:01) e------------------------| B-----5-----------6-5----| G--------7--5---------5--| D---5----------5---------| A------------------------| E------------------------|            (8x)   --|Ending|--  -Guitar 1 (3:02)-(3:20) e--------------|--------1--1x--| B--------------|--------1--1x--| G--5--4--------|--5--4--2--1x--| D--5--5--3--5--|--5--5--3--3x--| A--3--2--3--5--|--3--2--3--3x--| E--------1--3--|--------1--1x--|       (3x)           (1x)  -Guitar 2 (3:02)-(3:22) e------------------------| B-----5-----------6-5----| G--------7--5---------5--| D---5----------5---------| A------------------------| E------------------------|             (9x)  last chord (3:22) e----------| B--1~------| G--0~------| D--2~------| A--3~--3--| E----------|
I dont know how to spell they're name. Their a group.  The song is like this  State you name:___they answer___ What are you representin:____they answer____ ??????????:___they answer________  Thats really all i know. It's a pretty good beat it's like dunn dunnn dunnn...... dunnn dunnnn dunnn  and then at the end they say(i dont really know if its the end but they do say it)  Ride or Die, You talk it, We do it(or we live it)  And they repeat that a couple times  I know one of the people rapping is Snoop Dogg. and theres alot of cursing :(
ITS R AND B...MOST LIKELY A BLACK MAN SINGING IT
I want to form one..any suggestions? Only serious answers and please nothing stereotypical I'm looking for a female vocalist also. I want to use them along with male vocals but no one in my area can sing..lol I thought of Graveyard Symphony but it sounds stupid Maybe something to do with Nature or the moon lol Well Vicky...what should I take that as? It's a serious one. I have nothing to do and my summer is boring Serpents Kiss is pretty cool. Good song also Pretty good Countess. I don't want something really depressing just something that sounds mysterious I guess lol Vicky..I am a fan of it  Great list of names Chuck! Yeah Ale. Same...my friends haven't called me at all. Haven't seen them in weeks.
i need some!!  something like jack off jill something where they sing but they're angry!!
Ok how am I able to download songs on limewire that say there from the album detox but im looking everywhere and I cant purchase the album. Has it been released yet? And if not how come I have all these songs. And umm... I want to buy the album for better quality.. As well as if it hasnt been released how have I not heard these songs? I luv dr dre but Ive never heard alot of these. \"cops\",\"listen to me\",\"my life\",\"the watcher 2\".... Any info?
shockwave - black tide  http://youtube.com/watch?v=bz82TarLmSI btw, is that haylet williams from paramore in the video?  hard slammin' - the blackout http://youtube.com/watch?v=bbSSDxTxnVY  song with a mission - the sounds http://youtube.com/watch?v=uthcXoWwbHQ  i personally love it all, but i was curious about what other people think. note: i'm only asking because my friends say i have cr*ppy taste in music.  mq: is there a song that you like but your friends hate?
alot of these words are so clear but maybe just because there is subtitles! it sounds so demonic!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QiXj2oyExHA
i was clubbing on thursday and this song sounds like...\" i wont take you something something something. then is \"gone gone gone gone gone...\" is sang by a female artist hopefully someone can figure it out for me million thanks :)
Does anyone know if Neil changed up the drum solo from the 2007 tour?
what is the name of this song it goes somethinsg like this: \"now now do your thing do your thing, they say i am raper and i say no......  to the left to the left and keep on keep on  now rock it buy yourself    if u know the name pliss tell me!!!!
its a song with mike jones and some one else is singing the chorus with him. it goes his name ( mike jones) his name  ( mike jones) his name (mike jones) his name ( mike jones)
I saw a video of the song, but I don't know what the title is or who it's by.  The people in the video have timers over their heads that are \"counting down\" the time they have left to live, and there's this person walking around after his life was saved, and he's looking for someone else who needs to be saved.  In the end he saves a woman's life from her car being crushed.  I know the song is by a guy band, and it has something to do with \"saving a life\" or \"saving my life\"....  I'd appreciate any help.
Santa Maria, Santa Teresa, Santa Anna, Santa Susannah Santa Cecilia, Santa Copelia, Santa Dominica, Mary Angelica Frater Achad, Frater Pietro\" who are those people? are they saints? please add some substance to your answer.
NO RUDE COMMENTS!!   :]
It's a black acoustic guitar, Epiphone :P  I wanna name it...I know it's lame but whatever...Anyways, I could use some help! :]  Easy 10 points!   THANK YOU GUYS IN ADVANCE!!!
I am wanting to add some new songs to my playlists. If you know any good songs please help me out and tell me them please. :) Every song is a appreicated. I listen to everything.
I want the top 40 by songs not by genres to see if I like it specially rock and pop I wanna listen to a particular song to see if I like it even for the past years like 2001 I need that for my album collection in songbird I only want the nice people to answer this question
It was a spanish song and it was fast. they sang it every night at the theatre  before each performance and there were 3 or 4 dancers dancing to it depending on the night. Does anyone know how to download it? Or the words?
Okey, it's this rap song and it sounds like one part is played by Timbaland. but maybe not. I know some parts, it goes getcha diamond ring, and then i think it says gethcha something. Any help here, im so stumped??? I asked this question before but im going for it again, and please don't give answers like give more lyrics, cos that's all i can make out of the song. Thanks :D
i need some good songs i like eaverything i mostly like rap ( flo rida and stuff ) and like other stuff to w.e you think is good .  anything apreciated !! :) like stuff i can download  of lime wire and stuff !
If You Are An Artist And Would Like For Smooth Or Connie Clark To Write A Song Or An Album For you Please E-mail 3Drecords@live.com *Smooth Charges $20-$30 For Unsigned artist, And $80-$95. For Recording Artist. *Connie Clark Charges $45 For Unsigned artist *Also Check Out Allaxcesspass.com For All Updates On Your Favorite Artist*
The Night the Lights Went Out in Georgia, i just dont get it. And was the wife of the ladys brother having 2 affairs? Okay just explain it all as best u can.
The song talks about a girl being a flower girl and something about before the war in 1978. Just taslking about the world when it was better.
even if youre white?
well check me out, my song is called Back In The Day   http://www.wemix.com/clip.aspx?key=B9FA7A265DDC3DF4
Now you know the scene, your skin starts turning green Your eyes no longer seeing life's reality Push the needle in, face death's sickly grin Holes are in your skin, caused by deadly pin Head starts spinning 'round, you fall down to the ground Feel your body heave, Death's hands starts to weave It's too late to turn, you don't want to learn Price of life is high, now you're gonna die\" For the record, I have never done drugs either.  If I haven't started by now, I doubt I ever would...
I played one at the local Fender retail shop. Puts my MIM P Bass to shame. The Fender Standard P Bass is okay, but the neck quality is quite poor compared to the American.  I use the Basslines SPB-3 quarter-pound Pickups. The stock Pickups are..... not very good.
song its called i love this song i believe it's by a male artist and was played today on hiway16 xm radio he only went by his last name and it started with an \"m\"
SONgs drown the city - a skylit drive at this paticular moment in time - playradioplay! freaxxx - brokencyde gossip - breath carolina im a fake - the used inspired by the $ - the starting line gone so young - amber pacific rise from the ashes- quietdrive beauty in the breakdown(acoustic) - the scene aesthetic let the poison spill from your throat - the faint w.t.f!! - glamour for the better no game - brokencyde fer sure - the medic droid the backwards pumpkin song - dance gavin dance burn - three days grace looking glass - the brithday massacre never wanted to dance - mindless self indulgence lips like morphine - kill hannah  emily - from first to last black mamba (album version) - the academy is makedamnsure - taking back sunday smile in your sleep - sliverstein over and over - three days grace born like this - three days grace dead! - my chemical romance the jetset life is ggonna kill you - my chemical romance im so sick (t-virus mix) [feat. the leigon of doom] - flyleaf cassie - flyleaf my fist your mouth her scars - bfmv whispers in the dark - skillet looking for angels - skillet perscription - msi behind these eyes - eyes set to kill darling - eyes set to kill  bleeding mascara - atreyu let the flames begin - paramore
like the samy deluxe song?
i like coldplay, the kooks and death cab for cutie if that helps
Can any 1 tell me if there is fifth album coming up?! I really like this band i cant seem to find any thing about their next album!!  Lifehouse Rocks!!  #1 Fan :P
the bridge on my epiphone les paul keeps going down for some reason and the high e string doesnt make a normal sound when i play the first three frets. whats wrong?
I'm looking for the types of songs that are usually used in movies on the scene where one of the characters overdose or at the start . I like the slower songs thanx :) I don't mind words either but not a lot really.
ok so what are the band members names(first and last) their birthdays, hometowns, a fact about them all, and their ages. thanks! I AM NOT A STALKER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! my dad told me to do this for 3 songs and 3 different bands and give facts about them cause he thinks i listen to only one band...! so please i need these facts. lol
What are some of their best songs?
she says its part of a song of theirs, says its not in english?? please help,thanks alot actually shes not my girlfriend, just wanted everyone to know,sorry for any confusion
http://letras.terra.com.br/aviso.php    i know i've visited this site before in english, but that was atleast over a year ago..so yeah i'd really appreciate it, if someone atleast told me how to translate the pages or something
whats the name of the song they play a lot on 95.7 wit chris brown (or som1 who sounds exactly like him) in it and it goes like 'always talkin bout wat she got' or somthin like that and they say it over and over again? lol thx in advance
can you give me the lyrics or a link to the new jonas brothers songs -Video Girl, Tonight, Sorry, and BB Good?
What are some good songs we should start playing?  My friends and I are willing to try any song you people want us to play.  Also, these are our 5 main band influences.  Tell me what you think.  Between The Buried and Me Opeth Nevermore The Human Abstract Isis Aric, it was the whole band's decision to make it a Progressive/Metalcore band.  This is mainly because one of my friends is the lead singer of this band.  He can pull of more hardcore vocals better than growling vocals, or so he says.  Either way it should be fun.  Oh and Opeth's new video is a killer lol.
Whats Your Favrorite Blind Guardian Song?  Mine Is: Guardian of the Blind Into the Storm Mirror Mirror And Nightfall In Middle Earth
This is for a 1 page paper. I just need to get started. I don't know how to write a full page of this. No spaces.
im wondering i know most of them and i dont know there first one
The chorus goes: Send/Sent Chills Up and down and up and down my spine Only you Light my fire  and there's this weird bell like sound playing. The only main lyric is \"I like what you're doing to me\"  It's a female lead singer with a mostly female chorus and it's def oldskool. Anybody know the song/group this is???
it has a soft synthesizer sound and i think it has the sound of the cure in there as well.
What are some good rock bands THAT CAN ACTUALLY SING and are pretty unique or good?
I want songs the most people like from that year maybe songs has the word pretty girls or talk about girls wearing skirts if you can find any that would be great too! but any songs would be fine I need that for my album collection in songbird I only want the nice people to answer this question
So I am already a flutist and play as a first chair. I taught myself piano. Now getting pass the fact I can read in the key of C just fine and I know Violin is in the Key of C. How hard will it be for me turn learn the violin. I know it is different from playing the piano and flute and that is what I am going for along with learning a new instrument that I love the sound of.  My second qustion. . . I am cheep very cheep What brand should I buy from and still get an amazing sound from a violin that cost from 100-500 dollars.
im looking for the pants like he wears on the back of his road and the radio Cd.
I have been racking my brain trying to find out who sings this song: \"....I can't beleive that I found you, you are so fine, baby please stay with me, girl your all I need, you keep my fire burning, can't get enough of you....\"  Please tell me who sings this song. Its an R&B song made in the 80's.
I don\u2019t mean the new ones I mean Maybelle , AP, Sara, Anita, June, and  Myrtle an the other older ones. Not the new generation, they suck! I don\u2019t mean the new ones I mean Maybelle , AP, Sara, Anita, June, and  Helen an the other older ones. Not the new generation, they suck!
ok there is this really sad song i heard on the radio and its by some dude and then the girl starts singing the chours or something and she say ya no llores por mi por que something i think becuase shes not here and shes sorry about things i dont really remeber that much but i looked for it for hours can somebody please help me which song is it plz!!!
I had a tape years back from Sean Dunphy with the song Master McGrath on it and can't seem to find any other artists that sing this song as good as he did on that tape. Does anyone know where I can find this song from Sean Dunphy? Is there a tape from him that it's on or a place where I can send for it?
i need help with this song. im almost done with expert mode. i just need to beat this one song. got any tips?
On my Isla Grant Country cd, there are two artists singing duets with her, Jimmy Buckley & Mick Flavin. Can anyone tell me anything about them, they sound to be American, but I may be wrong? Thank you both so much, it was very informative.
here is the url   http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=ArC70t32KxIcILkK.F9Kcsnsy 6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20080706181602AA6P2QB  the details are on the website page i just gave you. If you are interested tell me if the url doesnt work click on my name and go to my questions
little girls by oingo boingo http://youtube.com/watch?v=jItz-uNjoZA  i just want to know how the hell did the music peopel or whoever, allow this song to be heard. i mean not like i'm against it, the song is cool but like...how did that song become legal to hear? i mean it's about pedophiles isn't it?  who get's what i'm saying?!! i mean the video showed him in bed with little girls!  come on ppl! actually diva, the song was on records. it's a real band somewhere in the 70's
who is your favorite music artist and it can be a band two. and also tell ur favorite song by them 2
who sings this song . . it has a part that says \"the game hasnt started yet, pick your team and place your bets\" and then it says something like \"look to the skies before you look in her eyes\" ? please
there's this song by eminem, and its about a guy that really likes his baby, but is going to kill his wife. do you know the name? cuz i doan rememer it... (i listened to it @ like 11 45, on july 4th.) its kinda hard to remember, if u no wut i mean... heh heh heh.... i prolly shoulda written it down...
i was born nov.12.1989
In the Disney Movie from years back called Life Size,what is the song when Eve is trying on all different kinds of clothes in the mall?
it goes something like this I don't know if it's country it goes something like this but I don't know \"asking me to stay asking me to stay what's it gonna say what you gonna say\" tell me if it's country if you find it  I only want the nice people to answer this question
when i think about your goodness an what youve done in my ooh lord  ...................... that your always so faithfull you did just what you said you would do lord youve been good to me ohh how u blessed my life how you made everything alright time after time lord your good to me ooh how u blessed my life
its not the first song you hear when you navigate to the site (AIR - playground love), its the song you hear when you open the just cavalli section of the website.   this is the address of the just cavalli section:  http://www.robertocavalli.com/en/cavalliJust.do?toSection=home_uomo   thanks
Alright so I'm making a wizard rock band. Should I call it: 1) The 3 Headed singer 2) Are you a matamorphmagus 3) wizards burried ground 4) Troll snot 5) Elves can dance 6) Dobby's socks  7) any other Ideas u have     Thanks :)
what are some good rock n roll bands. no hair metal like bon jovi and kiss and that, and no death metal. old fashioned good rock music. give some bands. i know alot of the big ones, so mention some les popular ones too. i like stuff like the stones, black crowes, zeppelin, faces, kings of leon, cream, alot of bands like that  give me some good ones thanks! no punk and no screamo and that stuff
does anybody knoe a song that goes \"oh boy i love you boy,i love you boy and i would never ever let you go, i love you boy\"? and i knoe its not by shaggy i checked it in youtube and litsen to it and thats not it please help me thank u :D
The only part i can remember is   \"so i was thinking about what i meant to you\"   and i don't even know if that is correct.  please help.??
1. Just you an' me down an ol' dirt road... 2. The roads leads back to you....                                          3. \"Granny, does your dog bite?\"  4.  Find me a place in the boxcar.....       (not Ray Charles) 5.  Comes as sweet and clear as moonlight through the    pines.... (not Ray Charles) Sorry Bette Midler and the title is not correct.
its starting to seem im always using Y!A for music.  Okay this song goes way back to probaly late nineties early 2000's.  It was sung by girls that were like Disney ppl i think.  It was in the movie Life Size with Tyra Banks.  **The movie is on Disney Channel now. They just played the song when Tyra was buying new clothes   it goes something like this  i got a house with the windows and the doors hey hey hey. say you will, say you wont, say you do, but i dont... i hope, i hope, i hope, i hope,    tht wasnt in order by the way. THANK YOU SO MUCH it has been bugging me for ever. i cant believe that many of you guys know that song! thank you sooo much!
There is a rap/hip-hop song and the hook goes something like \"Dance for my DJ lemme see you shake that ***\". It's upbeat tempo that speeds up and slows down during every verse, and its kind of Bass heavy. Any help would be appreciated.
it goes \"im so addicted to all the things you do when you rool around with me in betweent the sheets\"
http://search.playlist.com/tracks/paramore/5  The second song is the song I want. HOW CAN I AQUIRE IT FOR MY ITUNES? It's not on the iTunes Store...
okay there's this song that im constantly listening to and there's this one part where he goes   i just want one more chance to put my arms in fragile hands!   what does that mean?
The link is me singing. I posted this b4 and now fixed an error I made. I know it kinda sucks but people tell me that I'm better than the Average Joe - ldk. Can I Sing?? What do you think?? Thanks in advance :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TV_14-RJAAk
such as   Grease Hopelessly Devoted to you   [[dont wnat any more from \"Grease\"
I'm just starting to take guitar, and I cannot get this question out of my mind. Please help!
and i won't have to listen the over head train and i won't have to use air conditioners that's all i know
anyone know of any bands like breaking benjamin, sevendust and chevelle? I really like that low end raw rock stuff, thanx!
A rapper throwing out names of everybody he came in contact with the last 3 days  -or-   The producer of the track saying the record label he is on and their \"signature phrase\"??
Btw, I would get them put in in a Georges Music or Sam Ash, where my guitar has a membership and gets certain things performed for free. Btw, tell me if emg 81/85 active pickups are better for harder rock.
like if you had to rate from 1-10 youll give em 11
It goes like this... \"We'll take the long road, off into the world where no one knows. 'Cause I believe these roads were meant for us. Keep driving till there's nowhere left to run. Can't help but think... Keep driving away (repeated multiple times.) I CANNOT FIND IT ANYWHERE!!!
 watch this Linked youtube Video and  Please Answer me... what's this BGM Song's name Please..  http://kr.youtube.com/watch?v=6TbKNqHY-a0
Break down into the feeling Break down into the feeling Break down into the feeling You can take my ....   Its on the madden 06 psp soundtrack
If I buy FL studio producer edition ($180), and a MPK-49 midi keyboard ($399) will that be a good start to making beats and producing music, and I have a CTK-496 midi keyboard laying around will that work to or would it be better for me to just use the MPK-49 with the FL studio producer edition to start of making good beats.
Okay, so, please don't kill me for asking this but, have you heard the song called \"First Time\" by Zac Efron and Vanessa Hudgens? I haven't; I just saw the lyrics online. I wanted to hear the song and I can't find the song anywhere. Has anyone heard it? And if you have, could you tell me where? I've already tried YouTube and couldn't find anything, thanks for that tip though
Ive looked for this song everywere but i cant find it and i need to find it for my bestfreinds wedding some of the lyrics are:  She said she had the fastest beating heart in the world and it makes me want to twirl  thats all i know but i think thats the course and a guy sings it please help please please pleas please please please please
I really really must meet Family Force 5!! How do I go about this? Thanks!
Well, my friend has this guitar. It's an electric acustic from the late 1920's to the early 1930's. I only has a few scratched but everything on it still works. How much would it be work? She needs to know.
If so, please give me the link.
LeAnn Rimes, Nothing Better To Do. Is it telling the woman what to do?
Stuff life Matchbox 20 \"Real World\", Blind Melon \"No Rain\", Wallflowers \"One Headlight, and Pearl Jam \"Alive\".
the song is kinda of a regge beat with a catchy guitar riff i think one of the verses go \"please dont go away\" its like a jack johnson feel to the song idk who it is or what the song is DSNCB919 dont b a smart ass  idk what it is but it is not rap
I was unable to make it to warped tour for personal reasons and I was going to bring him food because he said we would get his number in return. I was unable to bring him food because I had a family emergency and had to leave early and Gabe said we would get his number in return for food. I promise not to tell people this number because I love Gabe and it would be stupid. He would have to get a new phone and it would be pointless.
Here's to the Night by Eve 6   all the songs by The Bella Cullen Project  I Wont Back Down by Tom Petty And then how do i read the tabs they are soooooo confusing!
Hey Guys I play the alto sax (Eb) , but I know little about music theory.  What bothers me the most is when my teachers asks me: What key is this tune In? And I sit there: \"Uhhh....what's a key\"  I did some research and found Some information on figuring it out.  But I still don't understand, because I look at, say, Cantaloupe Island, and there are no sharps or flats in the key signature so I don't know what key it would be in.  Above the first bar there's a \"D-\"  (same with the fifth bar etc.) The 9th and 11th bars has a \"Bb7\"  while the 13th and 14th have \"B-\" ends with D- What on earth ARE these symbols????  btw on the very bottom there are 3 solos each labeled either D- Bb7 or B-  But anyway how do I figure out the key?? Or say Anthropology which also has no sharps or flats  but it's symbols above bars include G (start) , A- D7 B- E7, etc and ends with D7
If you don't know this 2pac song look it up on youtube and don't forget to add the OG version at the end or else you will have no idea what i'm talkin about. PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IT IS I HAVE LOOKED ALL OVER THE INTERNET AND CANT FIND ANY ANSWERS!!!!!! HELP ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hey guys,   I am very confused on what type of rocker I am. I listen to bands like Panic! at the disco, Taking Back Sunday, Cartel, Fountains of Wayne, Motion City Soundtrack, My Chemical Romance, Sum 41, etc.  What kind of rocker am I?
Well i heard a song on vh1 a couple of days ago, but i didn't get a chance to catch the name of it. It wasn't any rap music, r & b, girl band's, or anything like that. It had a guy singing (he had a red'ish color beard), and when the chorus came up this girl would repeat the word's or sing the word's with him. It also had the girl & guy in the video most of the time, and it was like a video probably made in the U.K. They were on mop-eds and what not, and on the beach, i can't remember anything else or the lyrics, so if u have any ideas plz tell me. The chorus of the song would always have 4 words in it and it would be like __ __ __ __, and i think the first words were     where is the ___, then repeating like that. Idk any more, so yea plz tell me if u have any idea of the song's name.
cannibal corpse or deicide? emperor or immortal? iron maiden or metallica? metallica or black sabbath? iron maiden or black sabbath? acdc or led zepplin? slayer or pantera? opeth or dream theater?
any good songs you know of? thanks :)
doesnt matter what genre
This has got to stop now. I keep running back to you, to no avail. a premenition says things will never change. you are so strong. arent you now that you dont need me need me anymore. no more convincing lies i know what youre trying to say   duno this part...??  this has got to stop now. this is not what you thought you knew. its what you didnt know  ....?? so whats his name baby after all this time i deserve to know   lyrics... but whats the song and who's it by???
Found a group on facebook about how the horns should only be used at metal concerts but they only exception is the Longhorns. What do you think is the type of concert someone should throw up the horns? Fail, that's the group, I love how serious they take the idea of doing the horns. I personally never do them because of how over done it is.
http://youtube.com/watch?v=iPrnduGtgmc  i played it in school and got a detention. it was'nt my falt. the teacher was a guy lol i guess he thought i was making a move. but wahts the big deal. it's not a bad song.
I LOVE THAT SONG WHERE DID YOU SLEEP LASTNIGHT DOES ANYONE KNOW WHAT ITS EXCACTLY REALLY ABOUT?
So, I was at an '80s dance night and one of the DJs was playing music video clips from that era on the TV. I caught a few moments of one that had a fat guy in his office, with an arrow protruding from his chest...despite gushing blood, he was laughing. Then they showed a guy in a white suit and top hat dancing on the beach. I asked the DJ later, but he wasn't sure who it was by, although his guess was Peter Gabriel. I've checked out some of his videos on youtube, but haven't found it yet...so, does this ring a bell to anyone? Thanks in advance.
i heard it on the radio but didn't know who it is
Will you please? it's important. I'll personally choose my favorite rap as best answer.
What are some good break up songs? Please no main-stream music cause more than likely ive already heard it.  =]
iit goes\" id like to funk you in the front...in the back, id like to funk you whether you skinny or fat\"?????? it jams it goes\"im skeeeeeeeeeeeeezy , im skeeeeeeezy if u want some get on your kneeseeee cuz im the macaroni without the cheeeeeeeesy\"....\"what you do u must use protection\"
There are like website and stuff showing me tons of scales but what do I do with them?
What if Radiohead ended up playing the same type of music they played on Pablo Honey? If they kept their grungy sound and kept playing songs like Creep.   I was thinking about this when i went over to my Cousin's house (for the 4th of July) and I stole her copy of Pablo Honey. I was just listening to it, and i realized that it isn't all that bad. In fact, i wouldn't be too sad if they would have kept their sound.
smartypants
I'm a 21 year old guy and I love to cry. I listen to his song and get really sentimental. I was hoping you all would join me. Just listen to this song and think about your mom your last boyfriend or girlfriend or something or the last crush you had. Start flaring your nostrils and get real emotional. Cry really hard. here's the song. http://www.dailymotion.com/relevance/search/World%2BHold%2BOn/video/x660b_bob-sinclair-world-hold-on_music
It talks in the begining saying \"I have been rapping for about 17 yeas I just don't like my stuff anymore okay? Don't disrespect that's just how I am.\"  Then This Techno stuff comes on...  Do You Know It? I LOVE YOU!!!!!!
idk the words, but i know sum of them, so mayb u might no sum of the words, and no the song. its like...//// ya know, love dont go, love isnt oly wen ur in live wish me, hangin on the passendger side, ur best friend tries, tryin 2 holler at me!        idk but mayb u might know. it was just on Q102 today. is there sumthin u can look at mayb on Q102 and it will tell u wat songs have been played?
What are some good songs that mention blue eyes? Preferably rock or country, and about a boy.
it can be of all time , or just for now thanks.
artist and songs
tha song lollipop by lil wayne  under what music genre is it considered?  -i was born nov.12.1989
Now it's the time for the people to rise  its an up-tempo song and also \"we'll shout it loud from a rooftop, we wont be quiet\"
50 cent - I'll pull a trigga on a n_gga leave a n_gga for sho  tupac - la la la la la all you n_ggas die  Notorious Big. n_ggas bleed  Dre Dre.- N_ggas like trippin so I just watch them hang  snoop dog - I'll never hesitate to put a n_gga on his back  Black people, are you insane? Can't you see that you're using the word toward eachother in the EXACT same way the white racist do  the \"er\" doesn't mean a damn thing....You say \"trigga\" instead of \"trigger\" you say \"bigga\" instead of \"bigger\"
when and why did hit the lights get a new singer??
It is a Royce with 4 high toms, 1 low, 1 bass, 1 snare, 1 High-hat, 1 crash, 1 ride. All the cymbals are PROformance. It has all the hardware and extra random parts. Also 1 pulse pedal. Im just looking for a gerneral guess.
you did just what u said you would do
I know deutschrock.de doesn't ship to USA for Tokio Hotel Merch but do they ship to Canada? Because when I checked out the countries there was Canada...so does that mean they do? I just want to make sure btw  Any help appreciated! Thanks\u2665
These Hoes, These Hoes gotta let you know they so bold girl. These hoes do the same thing get a nigga broke but girl i'm not talkin about you   heres the link to listen to it http://youtube.com/watch?v=FG3xfhL5et4&feature=related
It's the opening credit song for CBS's Swingtown and I love, love, love it. Is it on an unreleased album? Or is there someplace I can download it? Thanks :)  The first 20 sec. are here...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKFN0JecwIg
does anyone know if there are drums in the song \"breakin free\" from high school musical? my siblings are having an argument over it.
Look at HNIC's answer, Then ACHILLES http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Ap9PZ6NbQsDWmfyRQwcjAFPty6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20080706122121AASLrTj&show=7#profile-info-dad86a74cb1bdce4d6ace9404ca9394caa  and don't Urban Dictionairy me either, I already looked there. on another note, I just got hit with 8 violation notices at once... ouch.
I am thinking about doing a duet with someone, and I would love to do this song. I just can't seem to find the music to this exact version where both of them are singing harmony, on and off. It's really hard to figure out on my own, so if someone knows the notes each of them sing, (also the lyrics if you have them), that would be GREAT!  I don't mean just the main parts, I mean the notes for the whole song (including harmony), maybe even separate music that each person sings. If you didn't understand this little part, just disregard it. Thanks :)  Btw, I'm not talking about an mp3 of the song, actual notes.
its poppy  its in chinese  the video is white (colorwise) looking  um there is a girl in it and shes running around getting ready  at end shes holding a lemon  there is a line in it and it goes like \"time to sing a fun song *something in chinese* shes a play girl\"  its only one girl singing it   I'm sry i don't have more to give u. it used to be on my favorites on youtube and now its gone and i want to figure out who sang it because, stupid me, i never payed attention. so if u can tell me i would be extremely greatful. i would give u twenty points if i could.
Lisa Stansfield-  Troop-  DeBarge-  Stevie Wonder-  Al B sure-  Isley Brothers-  Alexander Onell-  Today-  Tony toni tone-  Monica-  Maxwell-  The Whispers-  Phylis Hyman-  Keith Sweat- so sexy in black-im talkin about the group DeBarge not Chico. Lisa Stansfield- You can't deny it  Troop-Spread my wings  DeBarge-Stay with me  Stevie Wonder- Love light of flight  Al B sure-Rescue me/ Off on your own  Isley Brothers-Spend the night  Alexander Onell-Saturday love  Today-I got the feeling  Tony toni tone-It never rains in southern California  Monica-Beofre you walk out my life  Maxwell-If its cool  The Whispers-Keep on lovin me  Phylis Hyman-Old friend/ Living all alone  Keith Sweat-Don't stop your love
Who sings it and whats the name
i am a big fan of country from the mid 80's to the late 90's and even some now. it was the music i grew up listening to and was wonder who all remembered it. it is one of my favs from this artist. i will probly post more in the future. thanks and have a good day.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KhI3BD0_yFc
I made a Eminem remix. Can you guys tell me if you like it or not? And also tell me how to improve in anyway. Thanks  http://youtube.com/watch?v=IlZOnf-GCsg
I was at the GC concert when the bass player broke his ankle and Benji sang \"where would we be now\" on his own to fill in time.Was just wondering if they recorded an acoustic version of this song. It sounded awesome.
So I got this guitar for Christmas a couple of years ago but I didn't play guitar. I am going to start playing guitar. However when my mom bought the guitar, she bought a right handed one, as I play left handed. I have only about $100 and I don't want to waste it when I've done my research and found you can switch the strings around, but I don't know how. I am asking for step-by-step instructions that would be easy enough for a teenager to do. Please and thank you [:
What key signature(s) is(are) the new Coldplay song Viva la Vida on the album Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends???  I thought this would be a cool song to improvise a guitar solo over, so i want to know what key its in so I know where to play in the caged scales on the fretboard.  Thanks!
the song makes absolutly no sense at all !
I love Alternative! Bands with good beats and songs that you want to move to I need new songs for my ipod
I just got 2 violation for asking  What would be the religious explanation of life on another planet? How is that a violation...that Religion and Spirituality section is very hostile  MQ: Bands that start with the same letters of your initials
Mine are  1.) Floods 2.)Cemetary Gates 3.) Hollow 4.) Avoid the Light 5.)Goddam Electric 6.)Walk 7.) Cowboys from Hell 8.)  This Love 9.) Cemetary Gates 10.) Domination 11.) Drag the Waters   RIP Dime
All four songs from The bella cullen project
Driving me insane-it was on that movie with Tom Cruise-Risky business-they were having sex on the train-the lyrics that I know are I can feel you calling the end of the night-hold on. Or something like that!
Well i've watch camp rock tons of times and wondered what do you think of it?and if you like camp rock well comment here...
If it helps in order i like: Rnb Hip Hop Rap
I used to use allofmp3.com and then alltunes.com, but now they both do not work. Any help would be greatly appreciated.
I'm making a slideshow for an Eagle Scout project because I'm the computer geek in my family.  The scout is a silly guy and most of the pictures are likely to be either him and his friends working or hitting each other over the head with rocks.  He likes Reel Big Fish and most other ska bands like them.  He also likes classic rock.  What songs do you guys suggest?  Thanks.\u2665 He likes both of those bands.  Thanks.
what is this first song?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U08S5UkQoh0
example: Hour one do chord Hour two do scales....  but I need more info than just like chords. Doing chords doesnt tell really me anything.
go to there myspace and click on the add button  it doesnt do anything
pretty girls maybe rock It has a cd out I need that for my album collection I only want the nice people to answer this question
What are cute lines from song lyrics ? like about love , or just in general ? & write the line & who the song is by and whats its called   please and thankyou
Lupe?
some of the lirycs are im sitting on 25 acres i get money another one goes like this like a playboy bunny and the last one was a lil wayne lyric was there is two woman but aint no two wayne
I was in a Kohl's Department Store on July 5th, and I heard a song being played over the speakers. It was kind of a jazz-like song.  The lyrics I could make out were:  \"Back to old familiar places I remember names and faces\"  and   \"Shaking at the door steps of this life I left behind\"  This song was awesome, and I'd like to hear it again, but I'm not going to stand in Kohl's all day to listen for it. I've searched lyrics web sites and google with no luck. I even e-mailed Kohl's! (I feel like such a dork for doing that!)  They told me that the music is provided by Muzak via satellite.  I have contacted Muzak and have not received a response.  Are there ways to find Muzak playlists?  Kohl's claims that they have a Kohl's channel provided by Muzak.  Any help would be greatly appreciated.
well i wana dl some songs to fall asleep to.. stuff like.. vanessa carlton.. royksopp - only this moment.. stuff like that :/ any ideas? thanks x
the song goes How great is our God Tell me how great is our God How great how great is our God
when she has a flash back to y she doesnt want to do karaoke again
hi what you listening to? listening to some of DMX you? DMX *ha* does anyone even know who he is anymore? yeah, i do, and i can name a few more yeah you and a few freinds with that fanbase he cant be that good you can say that but never justify unless you listen to him you really should  yeah whatever id rather listen to lil wayne he the greatest of all time you know? acording to him and his dick riders yes but has he got any evidence apart from sales to show? well he doesnt need much more if he has high sales thats all you need to prove if you'd just climb out of his ass for 5 minuits you could see theres alot he could do to improve so your trying to say that DMX has absolutly no flaws no im saying that lil wayne isnt the GOD you make him out to be i bet you didnt know he wore a bra no he doesnt your just making that up because your mad mad at what, ok i was lying but he kissed his adopted dad your mad that hes better than DMX why do you love him so much anyway i dont i just happened to be listening to him when you came, and he isnt better hes only around for payday  whats that supposed to mean it means that if rappers werent getting payed hed never again be seen
anyone acually like any of the rock genre anymore if so what bands
i am going to the crue fest on july 12th an was wondering if anyone who has already attened knows the songlist the bands will be playing?? the bands are motley crue, buckcherry, papa roach, sixx am and trapt correct songs when i go gets best answer
Where were the photographs on the front and back covers of the Bloc Party album \"A Weekend In The City\" taken?
I have a song that i want, but i dont know what it is called..Is there a program that will analyse it, and tell me what the name of the song is? ie will compare it against all other music in a database? The song is on a youtube clip, so i would only have a small section of the song..If there is a program is it free? (which i doubt) or if somebody has one would you analyse it  for me?  Thanks in advance OK Marshall, I have a blackberry Pearl 8100, and as far as i know it doesnt support Music ID. Also the service costs money per month doesnt it? If i give you a link to the youtube video could you anaylse it for me please? The Link to the youtube video is:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MnDIVlb8v88
is slim dusty well known in america coz he is the best in australia
where can i download Magnolia Soul by Ozomati for free and not limewire or any site you have to sign up for? no posts sayin by the cd or use itunes please, just tell me where to download it for free from
if there anyone that can translate the NEWS section of their official site into english for me? http://www.ancafe-web.com/ i'm a big antic cafe fan but am hopeless with reading japanese, and any updates on the band i find already translated into english are months old ><
Which city has the best rappers?  West-  Compton  vs Inglewood  Midwest-  Houston  vs New Orleans  South-  Atlanta  vs Tampa Bay vs Charlotte  East-  Queens vs Chicago I know Chicago is midwest, but i just picked the first map i saw, and the regions were messed up. Live with it.
 i never said i hated him im seeing alot of people hating on him but i dont know why, i wanted to know
You know, just before your time is done?  Mine is The Song Remains The Same version of Dazed and Confused by Led Zeppelin, but The End by The Doors is a very fitting second.
im making a tribute video and im looking for some good songs. I dont want slow songs or classical/jazz/rap/hip-hop  techno or rock...preferably...some songs i've used before are   Victoriam Speramus- Krypteria Moondance- Nightwish Tatu- Not gonna get us   Just so ya have an idea... :] help?
im trying to learn it and i need an mp3 to play along with
i heard a song today and i don't remember any of the lyrics except for the word jukebox was said once(doesnt help in my google search for it) it sounded sort of modern and it was rock/alternative and there was a chorus of \"why why why why\" in a higher-pitched voice that sounded more feminine than the rest of the singing. anyone know this song?
What are the lyrics to Bizzy Bone's song I Must Fess Up from his 2006 album The Midwest cowboy? I tried different lyrics data base searches, but they don't have the lyrics.
i heard a song Its like \"sweeter than apple pie\" and \"always talkin bout wat u got girl u know u need to stop\"
I've been to many parties and Lao New Year celebrations. This weekend I went to an engagement party for a Cambodian friend of mine, and later to a party at a temple in an Asian village. There is this song I really like and I heard 4 times throughout the day, and none of my Asian friends know the name of it. They just said they have been dancing to it since they were young. It's got a sort of dance beat to it, some electronic sounds, and it's a guy singing. Of course, I have no clue what he's saying. I'm not sure exactly what type of song it is, since I heard it at a Cambodian party, then later a party with laotian, vietnamese, and other various Asian ethnicities mixed. Does anyone have any ideas of songs that could possibly be the one I want to download?
i need a good website that shows you what fingers go on what keys on the piano! and what notes are what keys.  because i just got a first act discovery piano and it gives you a tiny book with a few songs and shows you small things but doesnt help that much! and also some websites that show how to play piano to certain songs like jonas brothers songs and miley cyrus etc its not that its the book doesnt show you the what note goes with what key and what finger goes where
simple question.  why? bill? tom? gustav? georg? what?
I was in old navy yesterday and there was a song by a female artist , I think maybe it was saying something about \"stars\" but maybe not. Anyway thanks
it is sung by either savage garden or 98 degrees or bands of that type...in the video clip it has the band members singing into these cool microphones which are standing. i know its a bad description but that is all i can remember and i really need to know which song it is. any help will be appreciated. thanks!
it goes like, \"Let the drama kid, let the drama kid die\" or something like that.
Hey, what's the song from this video clip?  http://freedocumentaries.org/film.php?id=114
there's a girl band who's called \"Like You Lead\" or \"Like You...something\". Does anyone know what the group is called? I really like their song \"Just A Little Bit\" or whatever it is. Help!
MacGregor, MacKenna, MacGowan, MacGrawMacVitie, MacNeil, and MacRayAye all of the folk in the village were thereOn my mother's wedding dayFor pa had asked his friend MacPheeAnd Mac had come with May MacGeeAnd May invited ninety-threeTo my mother's wedding dayThen up the road came Ed MacKeenWith half the town of AberdeenAye everyone was on the sceneAt my mother's wedding day
I really need to know what this song is called!!!!! It goes ' B-boys and b-girls...lets dance again'. It is on this clip http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NECNIKmMgS8 at 1:37. Please answer!!!!!! First one to answer right gets best answer!
I heard this song, I can't figure out the name!  I know Davey Havok is singing, but it also sounds like the guy from rancid is singing also.  the song opens with:  \"you think I give a sh*t I don't want to see through your eyes\"  and then the song also has this quote: \"\"open your eyes, the real problem is you\"  can anyone help me find the title and the band?
http://justentertainment.files.wordpress.com/2008/05/cover-nelly.jpg   Will u buy the album?
Comfort Me:  I\u2019m quietly sorrowed, by my fears I\u2019m silently crying inside I\u2019m slowing melting into the ground I\u2019m scared, and lonely, won\u2019t you hold me? Please  I need you, to comfort me, it\u2019s true I need you!  Please Comfort Me! Comfort Me!  The storm is growing, and feelings start showing How my worried eyes start to cry I want to be held Someone to tell me everything\u2019s alright And for someone to be right by my side!  I need you, to comfort me, it\u2019s true I need you!  Please Comfort Me! Comfort Me!  (Screams: I need you!)  Please oh please!  I just want you!  I need you, to comfort me, it\u2019s true I need you!  Please, please, please, oh please, please, please, Please Comfort Me! Comfort Me!  Oh, oh, oh  Comfort Me!  Whatcha think? Be honest
like the top 40 or something like that not by genres I only like country music now I want countdowns for the past years like 2001 or something I need that for my album collection on songbird not by genres by songs to see if I like it. I should like it and it has a cd out I only want the nice people to answer this question
I HATE THEM WITH A VERY IMMENSE PASSION!
who loves tokio hotel,in both music and looks.If u hate them tell me why cuz there has to be a reson why so what if the lead singer looks like a girl.does he act like it?!now thats a question u need to answer and reply to
I think so, because she can't even sing HERO like she used to do it and when you hear singers, like Monica Naranjo, they voices sound the same as they did ten years ago. Her voice is in decline also for the whistle register. That thing damage your voice a lot and it also damages the middle part of your inner ear.  Here is the proof: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oLC73DB7jE8 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CQrUm0L8_7A  The fist one is from a concert on New York in 1993 and the second one is from 2008.   This is very sad and disappointing. Thanks for your answer.   *All this facts were told by an experienced coloratura soprano.
There's this video I liked and im trying to find it but I can not recall the name of the artist or song...  In the video the artist is playing the piano on top of  some building while a women is trying to get to the roof of the same buliding to stop a guy from jumping.I think the girl is wearing some pink sweater or shirt and the artist I think was very light skinned.
this was an alternative or rock song showed on FUSE music channel and it has to do with the holocaust and the defeat of Hitler i don't know any lyrics except(step down step down wow step down)and there's Hitler as an eagle or bird and he gets eaten by Parana's at the end.and the music video shows people sitting down on the dinner table eating the plates.
Verse One: You can smell the summer in the air The fresh cut grass floats through my hair I can see his face noticing my stare And today I simply do not care  Chorus: In a meadow under the stars There was lightning in your arms Your lips so smooth against mine Or has time re-written every line?  Verse Thre: Let me go back to that meadow There was lightning in your arms and Trying to stay high, floating low Why don't we just let it go?  Verse Two: Let me go back to that meadow Lay there and think about what we don't know Trying to stay high, floating low Why don't we just let it go?  Chorus  Verse 4 Let's go back to the meadow Kiss on the lips and lay low Watching time move so slow I guess we will never know
im not too sure about the rythm but its kinda like a raggae song and they dont really talk in it
I am looking to download a drinking song called \"Free Beer\".  I don't know who released the song first, but the lyrics go something like \"Free beer, free beer, that's my favorite brand.  If I didn't have to buy it, it's the best beer in the land.  Warm, flat, funky, it don't matter to me.  The best beer in this whole world is the one you buy for me\".
What does all this A Millie freestyles mean? And were did it all start?
When I plug my mic, sm-57, into my mac, garagebend is not picking it up at all. It used to work perfectly but I have not used garageband in a whole year. I have done the whole input thing and when I play my guitar, its not picking anything up. I am using a diezel cab with a b-52 tri rec head with the mic in front of the top left speaker. Im playing loud enough, but it wont just pick up my fucking amp! I need help please before I go and kill my computer!
i just wanna knwo the first one BUT YOU CAN ALSO INCLUDE THE SECOND IF YOU LIKE THANKS lol i know th second one now by mariah carey but i still need to know the first thanks LOL HOW COULD I FORGET THE SONGS AM I CRAZY OR WHAT? BUT ITS THIS....   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U08S5UkQoh0
it goes somebody's gonna get thier ass kicked and it is not Eminem - Without Me i herd it on a wrestleing game
Okay, i have listed to this clip over and over trying to pick up the lyrics in the background. I have some snipits like this (May not be accurate)  Bed of Roses Rain come down were living in your world now This time I'm gonna be ....   http://www.hulu.com/watch/1781/arrested-development-key-decisions 1st use: 7:50 Marta asking Michel for a ride to the award show 2nd use: 11:30 Michel and Marta talking on the stairway  http://www.hulu.com/watch/586/arrested-development-storming-the-castle#s-p3-n1-so-i0 3rd Use: 11:50 when Michel talks to marta in the elevator and then steels a chair
When you hear the lines \"It was all a dream, I used to read Word Up! Magazine. Salt N Pepa and Heavy D up in the limousine...\" you know exactly what song is jumping off. Hearing the Beastie Boys' \"Here's a little story I got to tell about three bad brothers you know so well...\" or Audio 2's \"MC M-I, people call me Milk. When I'm bustin' up a party I feel no guilt...\" automatically takes me back to elementary school. \"1,2,3 and to the fo', Snoop Doggy Dogg and Dr. Dre is at the do'...\" reminds me of summers dunking each other in the pool and playing spades indoors until it cooled off enough to go outside again. Freshman year of college always reminds me of The Roots' \"Somebody told me that this planet was small.n We used to live in the same building, on the same floor and never met before.\" More recently, Talib Kweli spit, \"Growing up in Brooklyn Sh*t I thought that everybody talked this way  Raised on Rakim and Run DMC So, we thought that everybody walked this way  'We fresh,' 'We chill,' 'We def,' 'We ill'  Are just some things we was taught to say  Every Saturday morning Watched cartoons with a bowl of Frosted Flakes...\"   What are some of your faves?
She said on one of the interviews she was going to throw suprises into the audience.
on warpedreporter.com i filled out surveys to get picked to win tickets for warped tour, but i don't know how to find out if i won or not.  They didnt post my tour date winners yet, but i don't even know where to look for the other tour date winners that they announced! i need to know before they start posting winners for my tour date, but i don't know where to look.  the site said look on your date's tour page, but i don't know where that is.  help me find the lists please??  thanks
Can anyone give me the list of songs in order as on the cd of Jordin Sparks and Leona Lewis? Thanks alot I need to have them by Wensday night, thanks everyone!!!!!!!! And To rihanna cd with tke a bow on it.
I think I made a big mistake when I bought some of Ulrich Schnauss' music...it's so amazing that no other music can satisfy me anymore. Does anyone know of any bands similar to Ulrich in that their music obtains such an ethereal and heavenly feel? Like rhythmic ambiance/ambient techno?  Please note that I have already tried the whole Amazon trick and I really can't find anyone else that compares. M83 is the closest I've found but they really aren't the same genre.  Very much appreciated!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcF2nrx8LVI
im not 100% sure if the lyrics i'm saying is right it goes like \"is your bed made put a sweater on..\" i think and he says something like \"it feels so uncomfortable being a..\" or maybe he said unusual. what song is this?
i'm makin an imix video of rock crawling events. what would be some great songs i can use as back ground music?
i was really excited to get a bass, i got really hyped up for it in about a week, but a bass was always in the back of my mind. i have been playing guitar for 4 years now, i have an acoustic and an electric and i usually just play around with them, I don't really practice much. now i got the bass and i feel like i wasted all my time with the guitars cause its like why am i getting more instruments when i didnt even master this one? so, am i thinking too much about this and just have fun with my guitar and bass?
where can i find the song american boy remiz with jayz kanye west and estelle? i want to download it... i can only find it on youtube... thanks.. highly appreciate it if i can find it :)
Where's the cheapest I can find a Squier or Fender Telecaster? Oh and please not ebay.
I have been playing guitar for about 4 months now, and i am learning at a pretty good rate, but the only thing that is stoping me from playing full songs is switching guitar chords. Whenever i try to switch chords, it takes me about 3 seconds to make the switch, I need help
When I buy FL studio producer edition online I can only have it on the one computer that I bought it on or can I put it on another one of my computers? Also what if it gets deleted off of my computer then what happens? Yeah, but I deleted that one
http://www.axemusic.com/product.asp?numRecordPosition=42&P_ID=17314&PT_ID=61
Please please help!! I can't seem to figure this out...uhggg!!
mine was dreams by a local band...
I have looked on his offical website and it says that he has tour dates for JULY 2008. (july 17, 18, 19, 21)  but i have no idea where in america is he preforming?   help would be wonderful. thank you so much.
I remember that people use to say that they saw Elvis everywhere, do they still believe that they have seen him?
Im going to make a mix, and put it on a cd. I was wondering which album cover do you think looks better? Constructive criticism welcome.  COVER 1: http://www.flickr.com/photos/28310754@N02/2642557057/in/photostream/  COVER 2: http://www.flickr.com/photos/28310754@N02/2642732013/  COVER 3: http://www.flickr.com/photos/28310754@N02/2643726634/in/photostream/  I was going to add some stuff to the third one its not completely done why do you say it looks like a third grader?
If you know of any songs from 1996 just list them please.  Thank you Taylor\u03A9
Pls somenone!
where can i download their song, bigcitydreams, help!
hi, i just got a bass yesturday and i was trying some slapping on it last night. i play a little rough and i never noticed anythign wrong on my guitar, but on the pickup on the bass seems to be very faint lines, right under where the strings are, like the strings are scratching it, prob from when i slap them (i play rough). now the bass is a gretsch and its pickup seem to have a cover, im not too sure, so here is picture: http://www.bass-guitar-museum.com/uploads/bass/1/250152871216-6.jpg so is my bass alright? should i lower the pickup? or does that cover provide enough protection and the scratches are just normal?
Hav'nt we known this for quite some time now???  http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20080706/ap_on_hi_te/tec_disappearing_freedoms  MQ- Favorite  song about Freedom of Speech Yahoo Answers is a joke. Its entire self moderating system is a joke. Questions and answers are being reported with out rhyme, reason or any fear of recourse. Whether its by some one who is not happy with what they've read because it contradicts their own belief system or for fun. Its not really fair when you have people like Darth Maul, Satanist and Metal Up Your Ass losing accounts for no other reason that someone else is bored and has nothing better to do than report others.
This commercial came out for the Wii.
it just goes: \"and i just cant think of any of anything else i'd rather do then to hear you sing; sing my name the way you do. babygirl you make me say OOOO . come here talk to me ma; come here walk with me see im a man not dog aint no barking. aint no drooling ma your boy's just assuming that you aint got a man so your boy can keep pursueing ma. whats your name; whats you age; whats your background? born in puerto rico; now you live in Sac town see im a city boy you should come and visit me\" i heard it on a music page on myspace &ive been going crazy trying to figure out what it is . any help? please; i really appreciate it(:
does anyone have the songs \"on target\" by America, and \"Wheel of Love\" by Munchener Freiheit??? if yes, is it possible to e-mail them to me? i've been looking for so long but i can't seem to find them on the internet! my adress is queenfan1984@yahoo.com  thank you!!
it goes something like  that me....or thats it...?? idk but its sort of slow and it sounds like RUNWAY music... i know its a women and theres other lyrics but idk??
I was challanged to write a song  I used I can fly as i template but what do you think ?  \"I\u2019m in love\"  I used to think that love would stand the test of time But now I have to realize you\u2019re not mine For love is just a gentle spell As my heart just can\u2019t break free.  Why can I feel it, But not touch it If I just reach, then I can grab it   [1] I think I\u2019m in love  I see you in my head every time I\u2019m sad Thinking about what I had  I see you walking down my street Just wanting to sweep you off your feet If I just reach it Then I can grab it I think I\u2019m in love  I think I\u2019m in love    I was on the edge of giving you that ring Who would have thought it would be so hard There are words that I must say And yet it needs to come from the heart   why can I feel it, But not touch it If I just reach, then I can grab it   [Repeat 1]  I can do it,  If I just reach, then I can grab it    [Repeat 1]  If I just open my heart to you I can say I can say If I just open my heart  I can say I\u2019m in love-ove-ove
Theres this Staind song I used to love but I cant remember the name of it, I remember the music video had people without eyes in it but thats about it any ideas?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cnTfq5ihgf0
on the ESP website you can customize your own guitar. How much does this cost?  Thanks
i need one
Something that sounds like this:  http://youtube.com/watch?v=mr9jfSOnAFY  http://youtube.com/watch?v=EQeeLhm4DQY
AM I THE ONLY WHO LOVES THE SONG   I KISSED A GIRL?? EVEN THO I'VE NEVER KISSED A GIRL........
Is there any vocal excercises that will expand the amont of air my lungs take in therefore letting me hold a note longer? Also I do growling and squealing, but I don't know how to scream. Is there an easy way to start screaming. My vocals can handle it I'm sure from all the death growling. And if you have any vocal exercises that will help me be louder that would be awesome, thanks for posting
Could anyone name me off some songs about wanting someone you can't have? I'd really be greatful!!! ^ -^ thanks!
i cant find it and i need the breathe today power tab... breathe today is by my favorite band flyleaf... and i need it to be the guitar tab not bass no... i dont need the chords.. i need the power tab
i dont want your sympathy your pity, your band-aid on my misery i dont want your welfare, your i care. your she's-not-looking-now-let's-stare. there's s voice in my head, \"let him go\" there's a hole in my heart crying, \"no\" there's a headwind, a swelling, strong chains, demons yelling, there's a voice in my head,  \"let him go\"       i found that on a piece of paper in my room and i love it but i dont know where it came from. if you know like if its a song or poem or something please tell me.
The song has the lyrics \"weekend girl\" and I believe \"island girl\" in it.  I searched online and didn't have any luck.    It goes something like...\"she's a weekend girl...she's an island girl.\"
the music? the lyrics? the title? what do you think of them? please be nice. :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jOKFIWrnUh8  also, my myspace music page. http://www.myspace.com/tricksfortrade \u2665
 not it is not courage is its not courage is!!!!!!!!!!!!
I think its Jay Karan but i cant exactly find it.
I know this sounds stupid but I saw this video a long time ago on a Rent-A-Center DVD they play in the store for their customers and I would love to know the name of artist and I cannot for the life of me find him.  Like I said, it begins with an \"H\" and it is a male, not sure if he's Scottish or Irish.
I love music and just want to know if anyone knows where there is a list of just songs that have made it to number 1.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6Oh4aaLCFM Yeah STW they are. I personally love this song. Your opinion though
I'm looking for good songs to put on my playlist. Any suggestions?
Well,I was wondering..my whole family loves to sing. My mom is always singing, but she isn't very good. My brother who is 9 sings in talent shows and at parties and stuff, we encourage him but obviously I don't know if he's going to be a good singer yet because he has that high,young boy voice still. My 4 year old sister even sings and dances all the time!It's hard for me, because I never sang when I was little. (I'm 13 now.) I was too shy. Only now does anyone know I even like singing and the only person who's heard me is my brother.  I'm not awful or tone-deaf or anything. I know when I'm not singing it right and that kind of stuff. My voice really isn't strong at all though. For example, I've been listening to Demi Lovato a lot, and I can sing, like, some of \"This is Me\", but I can't sing \"Who Will I Be\" at all. I have to sing it really softly or it sounds bad.Plus, I'd be embarrassed if someone heard me. Do you think if I took singing lessons, I'd could learn to sing well? And do private singing lessons from good teachers normally cost a lot?  I don't really know where to start.
The answer is tupac  A good rapper who doesn't use the n word The song \"Barack Obama\" http://www.myspace.com/charliecheckm
anybody know the title of this song from these lyrics?  \"and i would never, i would never, i would never fall.  \"
this song was aimed jay-z i think its hot  http://youtube.com/watch?v=sD7POOB8bk4
Whats the deal with it. ive never been to one before. is it like all day? or just a couple hours ? i might be going to the one in MN, and it starts at 10 AM. Can anyone give me details?
Anyone know the albums on which these songs are listed?  -Moses -One I Love -See You Soon  Thank you :) Thank you :) Ohhh ok :)
I asked this last night, but the yahoo people took a long time to post it so I only got 2 answers. He has all the tattoos like he's really tough but he's not. The coconut juice is just a new version of the song coconut by Harry Nilsson, how tough can he be copying a guy like this? http://www.nilssonschmilsson.com/harry-nilsson-at-1969-grammy-awards.gif Also, the song for anybody wanting to hear it http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tbgv8PkO9eo this is his song for people who don't know him http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AROeEiidM8Q to the Hip Hop Rent-A-Cop: i told you that i asked this last night. i wanted to get more answers.
i dont like screaming heavy metal but im ok with anything \"rage against the machine\" like, but other than that i like all types of music. except christian rock. i just cant remember any and i have lots from this year.
Which \"as seen on tv\" music cd is this? It's got reggae/hip-hop music in it. I know Sean Paul, kevin little, nina sky are some of the singers in it.  Anyone know what the cd is?
Alright I got a variety of songs and I would like to see peoples opinions on which they think is the best. Rank them 1-5 (1 being the best, 5 the worst)  They sayin-The game, G.Malone http://youtube.com/watch?v=lGtypPYxFrc  Nothing without you-Messy Marv, Keak da sneak http://youtube.com/watch?v=JNz7lT5LEnk  Whats love-Fat joe, ashanti,ja rule http://youtube.com/watch?v=Hw4_20-q0sQ  Addiction-Ryan leslie, Cassie http://youtube.com/watch?v=1UZuEmz7aHk  Body on me-Nelly,Akon,(and i believe)ashanti http://youtube.com/watch?v=HOjoODI6d4c
I do sometimes I need some cd's that are not country for my album collection in songbird specially rock I only want the nice people to answer this question
Could you really get in trouble if you send a friend a song you ripped off a cd (a purchased one) ? Someone told me that the gov is cracking down on file sharing and that if you send someone a song ,either thru email or IM, you're about as guilty as someone who steals. I don't believe so. What do you guys think? ^^ we use to do this on blank cassettes.Remember those days of mix tapes and making about 20 for your friends? Why would it be dif now?
What're some songs that most people don't know of? MORE DETAILS..? O.K. I need something that's like dancish..
http://flickr.com/photos/28310754@N02/2644350076/
Shahram Solatie sang this song, where can I download the song too please
The lyrics I remember are \" She's got a gold ring on her finger, and I'm so glad that its mine...\" or something close to that.
it goes like \"run away with me baby\" its like a rock, idk but its driving me crazy,its not played very much but i liked it! plz answer! right person gets 10 pts! it was played on z100, which is a new york station but mmm idk wut else ill add more if i find out more details
i know vintage basses have them, but im not sure why fender started taking them off. is there a tona difference using them?
I really cant download any kind of software on my computer right now (limewire, i-mesh, etc.) I just really need a website or direct link that will have at least some of these songs to wear i can download them for free and have them saved to my computer as mp3 files:   Hurt- Christina Aguilera Is Anybody Listening- Danity Kane Side Effects- Mariah Carey Defeated- Tynisha Keli Life of Da Party- ??? Step on My J's- Nelly Party People- Nelly Poppin- Chris Brown Let Me Get Em (not shootout)- Soulja Boy Your Man Aint Me- Chris Brown Dallas Girls- ??? The Way That I Love You- Ashanti Heart to Heart- Chris Brown Street Love- Lloyd Pain- (I think by Tynisha Keli) Cherish's whole album that is called \"The Truth\"   Easy 10 points i promise!!! Thanks sooo much =D
post your ultimate favourite song, just one, it can be as cheesy as you like, :):)
Please provide their best album as well, if there is any.
What age do you have to be to get into glastonbury without an adult?
It has a trippy video that goes with it but i dont know what its called. Theres this soft beat drumming and the chorus is just whistling. I've heard it playing at TJ maxx and a papa ginos lol. Its killing me I need to know what its called. Help please?
I really like the song All These Things That I've Done by The Killers, and I was wondering what the lyrics meant so I could really understand it better...anyone?
the lyrics sing \"let's go alright, alright let's go\"
Recently, I have heard bands like Lubeh, SLOT, and Aria - just wondering if there are any other bands I should be aware of.  And more importantly, where I can listen to them.
With his new song and new video In This Club, and his new cd and his recent live performances (SNL, BET Awards, etc), I think Usher is sending a message to the young cats that's he's STILL the top dog in the R&B game!!!!!
Does anyone know the same of that song that's playing when they are being chased trying to escape out of costa rica?  It sounds African or Brazilian maybe.... does anyone know the name of the band or song title?  Cheers, thanks Spankie, but i've already done that. Jeff Rona is the dude who did the sountrack, but it's all instrumentals.... not the song i'm looking for.   thanks tho...  anyone elsE?
ok i can't decipher all the words from the movie but i know it says:   going faster miles an hour gonna drive this summer job  with the radio on i say rode in her once rode in her twice i'm in love with rock n roll  that's all i got i know it sounds gay but i still really want to know what it is  help mee):
I've been playing bass for 2 months now and i am finaly getting into poping and slaping. the only problem is that My bass is a BC Rich Warlock. Is this an ok bass to pop and slap with?
 i really need to know!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My friends an I were in the guitar center for nostalgic reasons and I went over and played on the pianos. This was a child 8 years old who had been playing piano for 3 years. He was far better than me and far better than almost any pianist I've met who was my age. He was improvising jazz and it sounded indredible. He was playing at maybe Quarter Note=220 or so. His hands were like a flurry and he was just frankly incredible. I know Listz was a great pianist by the time he was 11 and this kid was how I imagined Listz would be. Has anyone ever met a child prodigy musician before?
i would really appreciate  if you can find it  all i know is  \"beam me up ooo-eee-ooo\"\"iam an alien ooo-eee-ooo
http://www.mymusic.com/product.asp?curr=1&myptr=cdwarehouse&muzenbr=416940 I don't find it good I think rock music cd's sucks country is good because all the songs are good only compilations cd are good. If I'm going to listen to a cd that is not country I can only listen to the singles cause I'm a big fan of country music. I need that for my album collection in songbird I only want the nice people to answer this question
Years ago, i heard a tune on skysports as they were showing some football goals. I am certain it it Eurythmics sweet dreams tune. but was a much faster version with out any vocals. I haven't heard it for years since. I have searched on youtube and through out the net for the tune but haven't found it. Any ideas as to what tune I mean?
I have literally JUST started, but if someone could tell me and give me a link to the tabs, I would appreciate it! Thanx!
now i stay on top of my shxt when it comes to new music and underground ish, but im not seeing to much right now, can anyone reccomend some good songs?  10pts to the person with the most songs that i havent heard  i have a pretty diverse music taste, but i do stay in the crunk, southern style areaa moore lol
knock down the wall into lovin you\"... sounds like an offspring song..THANKS
Ok hate is a strong word. But I strongly dislike Piggies, Savoy Truffle, and Revolution 9 is too far out for me.  If you like all of the songs, what are your faves?  The rest of the album I love dearly.
How much will next years weekend camping tickets be? Roughly the same as this year, how much were they?
does anyone know who sings this song?       check out them chevys ridin on 24s
http://www.mymusic.com/product.asp?curr=1&myptr=cdwarehouse&muzenbr=414890 I don't find it good I think rock music cd's sucks country is good because all the songs are good only compilations cd are good. If I'm going to listen to a cd that is not country I can only listen to the singles cause I'm a big fan of country music. I need that for my album collection in songbird I only want the nice people to answer this question
Okay, i don't know how many people can help me with this. But on limewire I was looking for belay my last and i downloaded a song i thought was by them, this is what it is Belay Myl Last \"with envy\" the L after the Y is right. But i know it's not them so if theres anyway someone can download that song and tell me who its by ill greatly appreciate it.
I love all types of music. It doesn't have to be new songs, older ones will do to!
I mean like REALLY overrated.   Examples: Atmosphere, Immortal Technique, Tech N9ne, ect. Ruben Godinez, Technique has great lyrics but a whack flow, i heard alot of his fans saying he's the greatest rapper alive.  Ps, Immortal Technique is my favorite rapper. Here's two more rappers,  Tupac and Lupe Fiasco.  Dont get me wrong, Both of these rappers are great, but calling Lupe the best alive, thats going too far, and i know many people who look up to Tupac like a god, its pretty sad. tonycleaveland, thanks for proving my point about Tech N9ne.
Well I know what its called I just need to know who sings it....HELP!  Its called \"On the outside lookin in\" Here is some of the lyrics   \"You dont know what its like to be outside the crowed, You dont know how it feels to be left out, You dont know what its like to be your own best friend, on the outside lookin in.\"   Help please :]]
Which album by Rush do you like better?
It has Akon, Wyclef Jean, Sean Paul & Kardinall Offishall  #1 is Akon done his phase of throwing people off stage and getting it on with 14 year olds on stage  #2 Does anybody know if this is the Sean Paul from Youngbloodz or is this the crappy Jamican dude Sean Paul...?? I am serious, I have been trying to figure out which one it is for awile now...
whenever the road is too long whenever the wend is too strong where ever this journey may lead to I'll be there for you
I know how to correctly transfer Garageband music to iTunes, but it ALWAYS comes out sounding totally different. Can someone please explain how to turn my Garageband music into a file that sounds exactly the same as it sounds when you play it on Garageband. My music is hip hop beats, and none of it has any real instrument recordings. Please, please, please help me! Anyone!!!
http://www.listology.com/content_show.cfm/content_id.25925/Music also what do YOU think is the most overrated band.   and i'm sorry for using the O word that many times. it's a very annoying word. btw, i dont agree with it either
Explain, too. All right, let's not call it \"top three\", but instead: three bands that make you want to go curl up in a hole whilst your ears bleed.
in his songs....??? he always say \"i'm from compton , i'm ready to die \" @jay : the kind of question u don't have to answer just to get the two points ...;-)
Ok I don't know much about it, but I know that the same word(s) are repeated the whole time. It kind of sounds african, you can hear drums in the background. The song ends with the words \"That's it! \" and through out the song it sounds like he's saying \"GO..HEY!...GO GO GO GO \" (the \"hey\" part might be wrong, but they're deffinately saying \"GO\"   sorry that's all I know, but if ANYONE knows anything else about the song or the song itself PLEASE let me know!  Thanks!  (p.s I've tried google and yahoo and typed what I know in there but nothing good is coming up) If you don't know then DON'T BOTHER TELLING ME!
I need the song playlist and order they played on the tv.....
I'm having trouble playing this song http://www.e-chords.com/guitartab/idmusica/102966.htm   I'm sure I can do it- but I don't know how to read the guitar tabs below and play them!  what are the circles and exes's meanings? and How do I know which strings to strum/pluck and the frets and stuff I push down? How do I play it?
i wanted either slow ALTERNATIVE/ROCK songs about missing someone or good love songs like red jumpsuit apparatus or the perishers and/or happy music like the beach boys or backseat goodbye ot motion city soundtrack
I hear it on the radio all the time but and I like it but I don't know what the title is. It goes \"my heart is damaged, damaged, thought that i should let you know\" and \"my h-e-a-r-t is d-a-m-a-g-e-d\"
Ok this song is on Guitar Hero 3, but its not part of the playlist. It always plays at the main menu, but i dont know why its not part of the playlist. Here are some lyrics I picked up: We are, we are the shaken<== I'm not sure if this word is right We are the moonstars, (some more lyrics go here but i couldnt hear it tht well) We are, we are mistaken, We are the voices, (some more lyrics go here but i couldnt hear it tht well) Sorry I couldnt pick up more lyrcis, but I hope someone can tell me the song, cuz it sounds really good.
I heard this song in this store and now I've been wondering what it was ever since. It started like this:  It started with a beat And this girls voice sounded and was like No nono wait stop (or something) and she gave a beat with music (beatboxing?) and then the song started  Does anyone know what song it was? Please help =(
HiYa! I was playing one of my may lego PC games called \"Island Xtreme Stunts\" and while I was playing I heard this amazing song that had the words \"Lego is all I need...\"  I was wondering if you could plz give me the lyrics to the rest of that awesome song. Thanks!
I know websites where I can download individual songs, but does anybody know any legal and free websites where I can download full CD albums at once?  Thanks!  (=
the advert was about the year 2003/4 maybe  nd the song was a club song
Back to LA  11:16 http://www.mtv.com/overdrive/?id=1584224 The song starts on 11:16 and mtv doesn't have it listed
like feedback from janet jackson
i  love  music
I hear a song on the adverts sometimes it starts off with a slow piano solo with only one key or so being pressed at a time, then goes into violin.  any ideas? i hear it alot and imagine it would be quite well known.
The song starts to play around 5:02 and you can hear it clearly at 5:37. It has no lyrics but maybe someone can recognize the tune.   Its a youtube video on the Gumball Ralley and ill post the link below. Your help WILL BE GREATLY APPRECIATED!!!!!!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4u59JLlZ6Vo Please help, ill up your points or anything I need this songs name. PLEASE!!!  Its a youtube Video
Helter Skelter - The Beatles Revolution - The Beatles Rave On - Buddy Holly Ready Teddy - The Beatles Sorry, I meant \"Ready Teddy - Buddy Holly\".
I need tabs to 45 by Shinedown
http://farm2.static.flickr.com/1439/1307329356_2114d39299.jpg?v=0 Not The Cult No Clayton definately not They are not Hair Metal and it's not Ratt Yes it is The Sisters of Mercy
Based on radio plays concert tickets sold cd sells song downloads etc. hey HNIC that wasnt the question get with it
Sound of reason    http://youtube.com/watch?v=LPDr9dF35p0
as in any songs with similar beats or lyrics
i need to find good songs that my parents wont flip out on when listening to them they cant be childish or hillbilly songs we have to drive in the car for 4 hours with a bunch of 14 15 16 17 year olds
ok so i was just at summerfest up in milwaukee on july 5th,  and there was a warm-up band by the name of THE AVATORS at the classic rock stage, right before cheap trick came on  they were simply amazing and i loved all their songs  when i got home, i googled, youtubed, and wikipedia'd them, and nothing came up.  is it just because they arent that famous?  i really want to be able to get a cd or at least a few of their songs  anyone know a website i could try that would have that?  like their homepage or something along those lines?  please dont say like \"oh try youtube or google\" or any of the things along those lines because it's just stupid when you do that  if you could help me out with this it would be a big help  thanks in advance *avatars   sorry  i was looking at a pamphlet and it was spelled differently
about a year ago there was a camera commercial that played all the time that featured a song by coldplay. what is the name of that song? some of the words are: i'll stay right here for a moment
See You See me?  Do you need me like I need you? Do you want me cuz I want you too. Do you think about me all the time? Especially when the stars align? Do you want the kiss of mine? Do you see all the signs? Do you cry night and day?  No answers?  Then listen to what I say!  Do you miss me? Do you listen to me?  Do you love me?  Do I make you happy? Do you like me?  Am I annoying? Do you wish for me? You\u2019re the only thing that I see.  Do you think I\u2019m your one? I really love you Hun! Do you respect me all the time? Listen all these words rhyme. Will you kiss me all soft and sweet? Do you think I\u2019m such a treat? Will you protect me when I\u2019m scared? Do you think we\u2019re nicely paired?   Do you miss me? Do you listen to me?  Do you love me?  Do I make you happy? Do you like me?  Am I annoying? Do you wish for me? You\u2019re the only thing that I see.   Do I make you feel good inside? Do you love this crazy ride? Will you stay with me through thick and thin? I won\u2019t leave you for other men! Do you like are new song? Do you think its way to long? Do you expect a surprise?  When you look deep into my eyes?   Do you miss me? Do you listen to me?  Do you love me?  Do I make you happy? Do you like me?  Am I annoying? Do you wish for me? You\u2019re the only thing that I see. If u think that has too many questions what about dis one  Don\u2019t Be Gone  How long will you be gone and when will you be back? My heart is trying to find you your love is what I lack. The days are getting longer all this time that I\u2019m missing you,  When will this be over when will this be through?  (chorus)   Oh please don\u2019t be gone I need you by my side! Please don\u2019t be gone stay on for the ride   Will you come back today or tomorrow for sure? Like a wave on the ocean will your heart be the cure? Will you help me when I don\u2019t feel good?  Because you and I both know you should.  (back to chorus)  \u2026\u2026\u2026.Don\u2019t be gone im actully 12
I WANT TO PUT THE ANDY MILONOKIS THEME SONG VIDEO ON MY PSP. I CAN CONVERT IT FROM ANY FILE BUT I DONT KNOW WHERE TO GET IT. CAN I SAVE IT FROM YOUTUBE IF SO HOW? WHAT SITES CAN I USE TO GET THE VIDEO IF NOT. I TRIED TO DOWNLOAD IT USING MORPHEUS BUT THEY DIDNT HAVE THE VIDEO I WANTED. ALL ANSWERS GET A THUMBS UP AND A STAR ON THIER LAST QUESTION.
Is there single out there somewhere or is it on another album not hidden?
what song is that? isent it by skillet? and whats the name of the song????
a woman sings it, and the course as well as the beginning of the song she's singing do do do do do do do do and she's singing and it's a really cool song.... it's a slower pace song, not too upbeat...help?
Im trying to make a CD so what are some good hardcore rap songs
This question is inspired by Rocco G. Which debut album is better? Rush or Kiss?
not the little mermaid please.  and the lyrics or the song title can have the name, either is fine. :]
you know how some people can list like 20 bands as their favorites? well, i can list 4 at the most. what about you? i never had more then 5 favorite bands at a time. i'm weird. i'm extremely picky...
sounds like ozzy osbourne but idk...     \"we're no strangers to love... you know the rules and so do i...i'll make you cry something something i'll never say good night something something i'm gonna tell a lie something something i'm gonna hurt you\"   1,000,000 points 4 the best answer. =] MQ: who wants to be a millionaire??? =]
who sings it and what is it called
Mine are Abba and Aly & Aj.   What are yours? I like Lovefool by the Cardigans, too.
I don't like Miley Cyrus or Hannah Mon MORON or any of her music EXCEPT 7 Things. I love the song 7 Things. Well, anyway, I've been trying to record it for a ringtone, and it comes out fine during the parts when there isn't too much background music and it's mostly her voice, but all the other parts don't come out too well. Do you know where I can get this ringtone without having to pay? Do you have better recording tips? Do you know where I can find just the background music for 7 Things without the singing? Do you know where I can find just the singing for 7 Things without the background music?  Please answer any of my questions if you can!!
Is there a site out there where you can just play a song and it will listen to it and tell you what song it is? There are some songs that I have heard on youtube but they don't give an artist or anything. So what I want is a music search that searches by sound. So for example, I can go to youtube, then go to the website, hit record or whatever, play the video, and the site or program will listen to the music and will tell me what song it is. If you know of anything free that can do that, please tell me. Thank you in advance. In response to Magic Man's comment, i checked that site and cant find what you are talking about. I want something where you just play the song (say from a youtube video or something) and the program or site will listen to it, analyze it, and tell you what song it is. I don't want a music browser, i already have itunes and project playlist. I want something that listens to a song that you play and tells you what it is.
Im a real lil wayne fan but i have almost all his songs and i want some songs like his  HElP
the one that mike myers plays on the piano in cat in the hat, with the three hits...help please (or anything like that would be wonderful)
I think it's like hip hop or R'n'B  and a guy sings it  the only part i remember is \"Girl, I'll stand by you\"  plz help
it goes why do you build me up (build me up) tear me buttercup something like that the way i heard it on the radio today was sung by a man. please help!!!
ok I heard this song on the radio i think it is a couple years old...i know somewhere in the song it says \"running through my veins\" I don't know how much help that will be but i would appreciate any help i can get!  Thank You Jessica It is sung by a girl!
I only know one small part of the song but i do know that it is in the movie \"Walking Tall\" with The Rock.  \"How does it feel to love me like you do? When you lay  your hands upon me and show me who i am?\" That is a small part of the song.  Please help!!! =] okay. now i know the name of the song but i want the girl version. any help??
money cars clothes hoes mother fuckin diamonds on my mother fuckin toes shoot in ya bank roll snif it up ya nose
I heard this song in a video on youtube:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wAz6qR3sP6o  Its some Spanish song that's really catchy. If you somehow know what its called please tell me.   Can you name it?
i need some good songs to put on my ipod. i listen to taylor swift.leona lewis.toby keith. timbaland.the veronicas.lilwayne.  i pretty much listen to anything a little bit of screamo. rap-rock- some country,
it plays in urban outfitters and says something like \"i took a line of coke, but i thought it was ket, and now i'm in a k-hole\"
I don't have a whole lot of details about it but i know it's a guy band singing and it's like an alternative group. anddd they say \"oh oh ohh\" or something haha. i heard it in forever 21 if that helps it's not the plain white tee's although i do like that song
i dont want no old songs like from like 2002/2003 pick from 2007/2008 fave hip hop song and fave rap song
your thoughts plz  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZB-_Jl28l1s&feature=related
What song was this instrumental sampled from? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rs9JdKo-Q38
Looking for some good techno dance songs .. btw I don't really like techno songs with creepy voices in them aha : )  Thank-youuu !
What song was this instrumental sampled from?
What 3 bands would you recommend him?  I would introduce him to Pink Floyd, Hendrix, and AC/DC. This will give him a nice start.
http://i232.photobucket.com/albums/ee14/JBluver_4ever/Nick%20Jonas/NickJonasKCAS.jpg
I only heard the song for about a couple seconds but it sounded pretty good. This is the part I heard: Clan in the front, let your feet stomp....... Punks in the back come on in the track. Well, I guess it's wu-tang lol.
can somebody post them up for me?
say she wuh singing like \"teenage love affair\" or one of her really good songs, who would do a good remix wit her?
I think it goes, \"you love me but you don't know who i am\", (chorus), I think it might be from nickelback or daughtry or something.
i am a huge fan please help me <3!!
Song plays on this site:  http://www.blinkbox.com/TV/154/Concrete-and-Chaos--Episode-2  It is the theme to \"concrete and chaos\", and is the song that plays for the first 30 seconds.  Any info, including what the words they are singing sound like, would be helpful.
What are the best songs?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17ijFgBwAv0&feature=related http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZ6x6zGIojw
Okay I really want to be famous for singing or acting but i live in a little town in Ontario and i dont know of any acting camps there are. Please help me. Do you know any acting or singing camps in Ontario.
about thinking someone liked you back but really they didnt?  thanks
 try dj roland kenzo, feel listen enjoy
it had something to do with dont dance, just wave his ghetto rag. at least that was in the chorus part. btw if anyone knows what his current status with the law is im curious. is he in jail, about to be, or already out? thanks people i appreciate that. that song is boss haha, and the news is interesting. a song like no matter what is something i thought he would write after prison or during  thanks. less than 5 minutes i got all the answers i needed i love this SHIp!
I want to start a band when my freshman year kicks off. The thing is I want to be in the Post-Hardcore, Thrash, Death Metal scene. I can do death growl and pig squeal, but I don't know how to scream. Like a Banshee screech. If I were to comepare the scream I want to a Band probablely The Black Dahlia Murder. I also want to know if there is any breathing exercises that will help my lungs take in more air so I can hold a note for a good period of time say 12+ seconds. So thanks for the Answers! Also what amps would I use? screaming does not ruin your voice mate. The only way it will is if you do it the wrong way or you stress it to a certain point.
I've noticed that the squier jazz basses are less expensive then the fender jazz basses.  Why.  How are they different?
Im looking for some love songs, It dosent matter what genre, lol
In \"Queens get money\"? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ahoQh5BrdFA  \"niggas is still hatin talkin that nas done fell off with rhyming he\u2019d rather floss with diamonds they pray \u201Cplease god let him spit that \u2018oozie in the army lining\u2019 that \u2019shorty doo-wop rolling oowops in the park reclining\u2019 \u201D take twenty-seven mc\u2019s put em in a line and they out of alignment my assignment said she said retirement hiding behind 8 Mile and The Chronic get rich but dies rhyming this is high science now add 23 more from queens to b\u2019more i\u2019m over they heads like a bulimic on a seesaw now thats 50 porch monkeys ate up at the same time\"
Hi all, I heard a song on The Hits tv on saturday 28th june in there 50 greatest pop songs with the lyrics (I think) \"...there's a song in my head. I think about it every, everyday. I think about it every, everyday.\" but I can't think of what it is...i'm begining to think I might have imagined it. Be great if anyone knows.  Thanks
Go to this music page on myspace:http://profile.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=user.viewprofile&friendid=369074906  its called addicted remix and i can't find out who it's by so please someone help me out.
...that are off of Nas' upcoming album or DMX's new album? Something I can download off Limewire? I saw on Wikipedia that Nas will be on DMX's new album so I'm looking forward to that. But I dont know what the song is called or if it's available to download yet even. Also, is there any songs available yet from Dr Dre's album Detox?
I have these 2 songs, Che Hali Dare and Mitarsam, and I heard one of them (but I can't remember which one), without any English in it. What is the non-English version called?
what music do most people like???
When I was a young teen (probably in the late 1980s or early 1990s), I loved a song that my grandfather would always sing.  I am trying to figure out what the name is and the artist.  It was a gospel song that talked about how Mary could hear the sound of driving nails when they were nailing Jesus to the cross.  Thats all I can remember.  I thought it was sung by the Bishops but I can find that anywhere.  I also thought the name might be \"Driving Nails\"  but the only song with that name is by Bruce Carroll and that isnt the right one.  Please help.  This is just a wonderful memory of listening to my grandpa singing this song and I would LOVE to find this song.
this song: http://youtube.com/watch?v=6IOqwXY-P_g
ok there's a song that goes la la la la  and it also says: \"started out hustlin ended up ballin\" i need the actual title of that song can ya help me? please and thank you =]
im 19 and ive always wanted to learn to play guitar, but i think it mght be too late. all the aquentinces that i know that can play say they started when they were like 14 and stuff? what do u think.
just like on the cd It's really important I need to know what song is a single If I found some sometimes their is one song is good and the rest are nogood I need that for my album collection in songbird I only want the nice people to answer this question
I'm trying to remember a song I used to listen to on Radio Disney back in the late 90's. I barely remember anything about it though, and it's driving me crazy. All I remember is that it's a woman singing and a few of the lyrics are \"I don't think you get it, no\" or \"I don't think you understand, no\". Somewhere in the lyrics it also mentions lying on the floor I think..  I'm sorry I'm not any help at all but it's driving me crazy. the part that sticks out the most for me is in the chorus it says \"i dont think you get it, no, i don't think you get it\" or something along those lines.
well i just started to try and learn how to play the guitar, so I'm a beginner, and I learned how to play chords, but i have a huge problem with changing chords. Everyone ive asked tells me to \"visualize\" your self changing chords or picture the chords in your mind, and I'm just thinking wtf? And no matter how hard i try to do what they tell me I just can't. Im especially trying to learn how to change from the G chord to the C chord.  Any help would be nice.
Hi-I literally just picked up a guitar a few days ago and I have yet to get one string replaced (but i will). I was just wondering if you guys know of the easiest modern country song AND the easiest Taylor song to play-so I can shoot for something. I want it to be something I love, not just the usual folk songs. I thought A Place In This World might be ok, but I really don't know too much about guitar. And could you give me a link to the tabs also? Thanx a bunch!
under the title \"i can't hear you\"  http://profile.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=user.viewprofile&friendid=387574594
Can you tell me who this rockstar is? The first person to get it right gets best answer. This is him as a kid.... http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/e3/Young_cobain.jpg I was hopiing no one would see the URL adress,but thats okay. R.I.P Kurt Cobain
these bands were recomended to me so tell me the songs u think i should listen to....  alexisonfire from first to last alesana killradio hopes die last silverstein a thorn for every heart i am ghost a heart well ending avenged sevenfold rise against finch hawthorne heights underoath story of the year  thank you =]
from rap stations hot97 or power105.1 could have been a freestyle
Hello Twilight fans! I'm making a vid for Jasper and Alice Cullen, and I was wondering what songs you guys thought would be good to use. I'm currently thinking of using 'Who I am Hates Who I've Been,' 'She is Brighter,' or 'Hanging by a Moment.' Do you think I should use one of those, or a different song? Tell me what you think!
from 1-10 what would you rate the song \"i luv your girl\" y'all diggin it?
I'm getting ready to go to an 80's themed dance in a couple of weeks, and I'm trying to think of a good love song to dedicate to my girl.  Besides \"In Your Eyes,\" do you have any suggestions?
hey anyone know that tecnho (or something related to that) song that has a beat kinda like do dop do dop DOP do do dop DU do du DOP du and some parts of the song, there's a woman singing it's like kinda old back like in 2003 or 2002 its not really techno but it sounds technoish its mellow hey anyone know that tecnho (or something related to that) song that has a beat kinda like do dop do dop DOP do do dop DU do du DOP du and some parts of the song, there's a woman singing. Kinda distorted it's like kinda old back like in 2003 or 2002 its not really techno but it sounds technoish its mellow
the one on disney channel when the night of premiers commercial comes on i dont no any of the lyrics
In mp3/musictone format.  She is a Swedish artist and I live in the U.S., so this has been really difficult for me to find.  Any help is certainly appreciated.  P.S.  Amarula Tree would be GREAT, but I love all of her songs, so I won't be picky.  Tack.
like uffie and MIA... how do I go about doing this.. i  can write lyrics & sing.. but I need to know how to make the actual music and stuff I know its not easy, but I'm willing to learn and try. So give me links for things to download.
I want to know where can I go to instal my electric guitar a Killswich and also haw to make my guitar sound like a killswich without having It , I've heard something about volume or something like that , please , help I want my guitar to sound lie a killswich!!! want to know where can I go to instal my electric guitar a Killswich and also haw to make my guitar sound like a killswich without having It , I've heard something about volume or something like that , please, help me , i want my guitar to sound like Tom Moreloo !!!!!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwQ-YMgJqF4  thanks in advance!!
okay, so theres this song that plays on the radio, and I heard it twice, but they never said the name of the song.. okay the words go something like: Hey girl did you find love tonight (and theres another part to the song that goes like :Push it hard tonight) and the beat is like, really pumpy, and like hip-hop ish.. okay, so theres this song that plays on the radio, and I heard it twice, but they never said the name of the song.. okay the words go something like: Hey girl did you find love tonight (and theres another part to the song that goes like :Push it hard tonight) and the beat is like, really pumpy, and like hip-hop ish..  and its a girl singing.. and guy sings the corus, or the hook or somehting
I am, I'm so excited..they always put on the best shows!
Sam Cooke sang this song with his brothers and sisters, the Highway QC's or as a Soul Stirrer, I'm not sure which.  I can only make out the lyrics, 'I dream of a home'.
or maybe lange as cline....and who in your opinion, should portray parton?
If you don't know, search it in YouTube!
Just wondering, I had been listening to GNR for a long while and just want to know what some other people's fav GNR songs are. Thanks!!!
I want to sing a song and post it on u tube for one of my bffls and i allready sung part of true friend...( 35 seconds is the limit for recording the song) but i want to sing another one. PLEASE HELP!!! But i dnt want a song frum some one like thebeetles or queen... people like hannah montana( but there are no more like it i can sing) or like ally and aj...idk
And what music do they listen to now?  My mom: She listened to Pink Floyd (went to a concert of theirs), Queen, Elton John, Tina Turner. Now, it's a huge departure. She likes Nickelback, Rihanna, and Daughtry... basically anything on the Top 40 station.  My dad: He listened to Led Zeppelin, The Doors, the Rolling Stones, Clearence Clearwater Revival, and Dire Straits. Now, he listens to the same alternative station as me. He really likes Weezer and Sublime (I find that funny for some reason, ha), and also Bob Marley.  What about your parents? Has their music taste changed, or do they still listen to the same things as when they were growing up? If it's not clear, music that they listened to when they were growing up (before they had any children).
Everybody says that my band is good at playing but we suck at singing.  We don't want to change our lineup (get a new singer), and we want to do 2 or 3 part harmonies and stuff.  If we keep playing will we eventually get better? For one, we all sing.  Two, we are all musicians too and we dont have a problem hearing the pitch.  We just suck.  As in not having good tone, articulation etc.
it says something about californias where i want to be thanks i found it sorry it wasnt california it was beverly hills
If a band puts out album after album, never changing their style, you will hear people comment on how they need diversity and have become boring; stuck in a rut. Then again, when they do experiment, change their styles a bit, some will comment that they should have stuck to the style that they were known for and at the very worst, they will accuse them of  \"selling out\".  Given that, I would imagine that for some bands, moving in new creative territory is worrisome because they don't wish to alienate their fanbase; some bands just do it anyways and figure they'll gain new fans if the old ones drop out because they don't like a new direction the band is taking.  What are your thoughts on this?
Also: What are the official chords used and do they use a capo for that song?
who sings the first songg .. http://profile.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=user.viewProfile&friendID=263013139 it's like another remix or something of the song hide and seek does anyone know it so i can download itt?
A poll put online today puts Iron Maiden very close to Metallica that reaches the first rank of a \"top 20 heavy metal bands for 2008.\" But they say that Iron Maiden might get number 1 soon.  Which one is yours????  P.S.: read the page where is published this poll. I learned a lot from it (sure you'll DO toooooo) and some stats and comments are surprising\u2026 http://sweethomenashville.com/?p=234  Thanks\u2026
Does anybody know of a 90s song that went really fast and nobody really knew the words to and it had the girl going like oooh danny boy oh danny boy and I think it was on VH1s top hitrs of the nineties. Does anybody know who its by and what its called?
ok so yesterday...i was outside and my neighbors had a block party and they had a dj so i heard this song i really liked and all i know that the chorus goes like this: [oye, ni\u00F1o ven, ven,ven,ven, ven.....] and  [si,.si.,si, si, ven, ven] something like that and a girl sings it but its cumbia..
Have you guys noticed that Jadakiss always wears his fitted cap down low? How do you rock yours?
preferably vocal  or any good electronic songs for my party! tnks 4 your help
its newerish. its about this girl who kills her boyfriend because he's cheating on her. and she says cry baby alot in it. she's in her kitchen the majority of the music video. it's killing me. i need to know!
you, know, the onstring instrument that uses a can to produce sound. If you know where can buy one, can you give me a link to the website! Thanks best answer recives 10 points
I heard a country song that goes like this \"sometimes you feel like the whole world is against you, man i've been there before,' it then goes into a part where all he sings is na na na na na. It's not ladies love country boys, by trace adkins, Redneck Yacht Club by Craig Morgan, Rascal Flatts-Me and My Gang, Life In A Northern Town by little big town, or Out Of The Blue by Johnny Reid; these were all previous guesses to my question before.  It really sounds like either Cross Canadian Ragweed or Randy Rogers but I don't believe it's them unless it's a  new song i haven't found. if you know it please let me know..thanks it's also not \"Find Out Who Your Friends Are\" by Tracy Lawrence
dose anyone know wat the hand thing is called where they spell out the lirics thanks                 http://youtube.com/watch?v=muP9eH2p2PI
anything but heavy metal.
They went from west coast east coast hits to genral gangsta rap and hardcore rap to this hiphop style stuff that makes every kid think there gangster. Do you think mainstreme has takin over?
I Am Italian\u2026 He appeals to Canada to me\u2026 Remember veramente sei italiana?!?! Ti prego rispondimi! Angie dispiace but I have not understood to me\u2026: (scusami\u2026 Also, but nobody answers\u2026 You are Italian? He speaks Italian?  excuse if it is understood little\u2026 And thanks for the answers I have understood! And then we see if I write to you: Ti voglio bene, con affetto Carlo \u2026 You succeed to understand something?  Ps why nobody answers to me? http://it.answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Am5VczX8r60ND0f96SVQkYvwDQx.;_ylv=3?qid=20080706164024AAHOSfZ  You are truly a kind person\u2026 A person d' gold\u2026
sounds like good charlotte but i'm not sure the lyrics go something like..\"no way no way be now baby if we found each other our way maybe it'll be\" help this has been bothering me!
such as when you give a songs name they will give you a song or songs that you might like .
The song There for you by flyleaf i can't find it anywhere  and my parents refuse to buy it for me when i say buy it i mean the cd  so thats a bummer  and i heard the song the other day  and thought it was awesome i searched limewire and they only have the shorter acoustic version
i need to know and i dont really listen to rap. help please!
I think that would sound awesome
If you go to this site, all you have to do is go to SNOCAP.com to set up your free account with them, then go to www.yourmuzicradio.com to get your FREE hookup. They are advertising this promotion until th 31st of this month. The thing I like about this site is that it's clean, & decent. No RAP or HEAVY METAL. You'll see what I'm talking about. Good  Luck to all my fellow artist. Have a blessed day.
i think it goes like i tried so hard but not so far but in the end it doesnt even matter    one thing i dont know why it doesnt even matter how hard u try ....   i put my trust in you..  i dont know i only got parts of the song  sorry
Lyrics:  I'm a ganster and a gentlemen i hope you the best, i'll let you ride the front seat and then i'll choke you to death.
this song is a hot song going on now its an R&B  tha chorus says  ''no air''  like how can i live with no air etc etc   -my year of birth was 1989, and my month of birth was november and my day of birth was day 12 (nov.12.1989)
so im going into the 11th grade and i've decided to join marching band playing the bass drum. Can anyonr give me any tips and overall information of all the basic things i need to know, recomended videos to watch, books to buy, music i may need to learn, ANYTHING! (specifically can i by a practice drum pad for bass drum).   i am very scared and nervouse about band camp because of things i've heard. i want to make a good impression on my teacher so i need to do the best. please help
It goes something like  something something sebastian or by sebastian? or something that sorta sounds like it... idk..  and its a mans voice singing it. sorry not much info. :( But i really liked it and i really wanna find it..
does anyone know a hip hop song that has a piano melody in it?
What does Cansei De Ser Sexy mean? What language is that anyway
hey um....can u plz tellme the name of this song and the artist........i tried googling it but it won't work......  && its kinda weird but bear with me.....  ello ello ello ello e e ello ello ello wat im talkin bout  i think thats it........thats all i know thnks sweet_tangerine thats the song
His last name is a common males first name. He's a singer. He's Gay. Nope..not George Michael...try again!
Do you know?
Your Open QuestionShow me another \u00BB  Help with song title? I am trying to find this song. I heard a small piece on the radio.  x Male singer (voice similar to Simon Webbe) x I thik part of the lyrics of the chorus went like \"pictures on the wall..... you and me\" or similar x If I am not mistaken there is also a girl singin at some point.  It's a very sweet and slow song, almost romantic pop cliche.  Any help would be appriciated.  Thanks! No, it's not the last goodnight. It's more like slow R&B pretty sure a girl sings in it too, lyrics are probably wrong else google would have nailed it :/ but thanks
If you're not a fan, listen to the link and tell me your thoughts on Dinosaur Jr.  Here's a live performance of their song \"SludgeFeast\" off of the album You're Living All Over Me.  http://youtube.com/watch?v=53P5d1MsTZ8  Thoughts, comments, opinions. I'm having difficulty calling you Sabrina now, lol. Check out Dinosaur and Bug before anything else...those are the last albums you hear Lou Barlow on before J Mascis kicked him out. The original lineup reunited for Beyond, but Mascis kept the band going when Barlow and Murph left. You should check out Barlow's side-project turned full-time gig after he got kicked out, Sebadoh. Huevo got me into them.  I'm glad everyone else liked it.  Sailing Outdoors, that's why we're here!! I owe alotta bands to my contacts.
Here are the verses/chorus I can remember.  Facing the unknown, I realize how much my dreams have grown Since the first time, I turned my face to heaven. I won\u2019t be afraid to carry out the plans that You have made.  Cause you\u2019ll go with me.  I\u2019ll think of you on the journey. As we travel where we\u2019ve never been before. It\u2019s time\u2026 Now I know it\u2019s time to fly To spread our wings and sail across the sky. We\u2019re headed towards tomorrow with yesterday as our gui
it goes something like this:  treat you better than apple pie? girl you take advantage of...?
Does anyone know the release date? Thanks if you can help!
It has these lyrics in them  sun gets too shy  i hear a song from another time  so far away so wrong  IT's all ONE song...
When I'm singing mucus suddenly shows up in my throat and I have to quietly clear it between words. Just so you know, I don't have allergies. Is there a way to get rid of it before singing? Is there something I should eat/drink before singing to make it go away? Please help me! Thanks to all people who answer!
I'm hoping that there's someone out there who can help me figure out the name of a song. I've tried looking on the search engines, and I tried asking here twice before, but it was to no avail. Third time could be the charm. Now, I don't know who the vocalists are either, but I can say that it is a man and woman singing. I think it almost has a country vibe to it, but I suppose it could also be a soft rock love song.  The lyrics that I have to go on are these:  'And at the end of every day When I lay down by your side, that's when everything's okay Because of you And I don't tell you enough How much I need you here, how much I want your love How each time I close my eyes, I'm thankful for you...'   Does anyone recognize them? It's a mystery that's been driving me CRAZY!
i really want to now because on youtube he was chating with people!!!!!! help
thanks guys =]
Too many fans... Story time... drugged out of his mind... mediocre... lyrical genius... flashy...
do u know who is that woman saying :  What would we do All I want to do is tell you I love you  in Wiley Wearing my rolex song
hey, i need a song about missing you.  and missing all the times we've had and all that ....  i want it to be modern, i dont want an old song.  i want it to be really cool, and i want to be able to relate to it ... help plz
 Thanks Jane C.
Not \"Bye Bye\" or \"Touch My Body\" but the other one.
i think its slipping
I need songs that really turn you on!  pleace help!!!!!! tnks!!!!
I was looking for songs like High School Music and Camp Rock only the lyrics changed to be Christian. Its for a Bible class. I can't find any anywhere though... Can anyone help me out?  Anywhere to find them?  PLEASE help I will give best answer and many thanks!  Thanks!
I mean I've never heard a song with as many covers as that. Say if Ja Rule or someone had done it would it have been covered so much? or is this just attempt to dick ride Wayne more?
it says something about \"california is the place i want to be\" it is a newer song
Need help plzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Mine is prolly Control by Metro station =) Anyone else?
Okay, so this guy I know is getting his own custom guitar from scratch with top of the line parts. The thing is, some parts of the guitar are going to be made out of 14 karat gold and and you won't believe how much he's paying for it;18,000 dollars! My question is does anyone know of a place where you can get like custom designs on your guitar like your name or something of that nature?
in cash flow video and interviews?
So, I've been thinking about this recently.  My taste in music has changed a lot. Pick an age and say what you used to listen to back then and what you listen to now. So, how much has your taste in music changed?  Also, what do you think of this!? http://uncyclopedia.org/wiki/Yahoo%21_Answers  I think its hilarious! MQ:Songs about changing? LOL, thanks y'all! just noticed... *has \u262E\u2665Mrs.Paul McCartney\u2665\u262E: LOL, yeah I do that! Its so funny!  Scream Bloody Gore: I used to listen to KROQ all the time!  Meh, not anymore.
Does anyone have a list or could name me off some songs about wanting someone you can't have? I'd really be thankful!   ^ -^ thanks!
i remember the first day we ever met the sun was shining love was gleaming in the air ...
looking for a score of it
by lil waynee it goess like i got summer hatin on me cause im hotter then the sun  i cantt find it anywhereee?
I heard this song on a mixed CD my aunt was playing in the car. The lyrics were funny, and I wanted to download it on my iPod... but when I tried to search for it on the internet, I couldn't find it. I'm sure that it had Eminem, 50 cent and Busta Rhymes; but I don't know the title or the album. All I remember him saying was, \"then I ripped Pamela Anderson's titties off\". Does someone know the title?
I need to translate a song from German to English.  The name of the song is \"Gekommen Um Zu Bleiben\" by Wir Sind Heldon.  I know there's language translators on the internet, but some of the words are german slang and I can't find a song lyrics translator!! please help!!
Is it 50? Lil' Wayne? Soulja Boy? You tell me!
kai well listen to the song in this video from the beginning until 00:30  please help i really want to know whats the song called and who sings it  here's the video:  http://youtube.com/watch?v=EVNe4Eoph74&feature=related
songs: curious again and again still love & heavy  maybe not all of them but one or two of them would be nice. thanks. :)
I heard it on the radio and i forgot most of the lyrics, but our school had a senior show and they played it and i thought it was funny and im looking for the song. The only words i can remember from it is that says \"get it get it get it\" or something. anyone know?
I'm a big fan of his, but because so much of his lyrics are in Creole French, I don't understand a lot of it. But the word \"yele\" keeps on popping up in a number of his tracks, and is included in the name of his charity, Yele Haiti.  Just curious.
I never knew the guy ever made a record until I came across one at a flea market. It's on the Bell Records label and dates back to 1954. I did some research and discovered that it was the only recording he ever made for Bell. Whether or not he ever made a record for another label, I don't know. As a matter of fact, I have two of them. Ran across a second one later on. Though I still have them both, I've lost track of one of them. Never listened to them, either. Just wonderin' if anybody else has ever heard this guy sing. Also, does anybody know if he ever made any records aside from the one I have...?  By the way, Randy Hughes is the guy who was piloting the plane that crashed and killed Patsy Cline, Hawshaw Hawkins, Cowboy Copas, and, of course, himself...
 Does ANYBODY knows what music is played in the Simpsons, season 16 episode 19 Thank God it is Doomsday - when Homer arrives in the Heaven?? Thanks a lot !! Cheers!
What makes a good song and why?  On another note, what makes a song bad and why?
Do you like it, or not?  I personally hate it. It's SO redneck! D:
i dont know who sings it
and What are the first 3 songs that comes up when you shuffle your music player? Mine: Deltron 3030 - The News Dr. Dre - Some L.A. Nigaz Big L - Danger Zone
And if so what what it take?
Can the title page in which Beethoven originally wrote the title as 'Bonaparte' and scratched it out when Napolean crowned himself emperor be seen the the Beethoven museum in Bonn, Germany? Alberich, I already tried but i can't find anywhere it says that it is in the museum. I have found pictures of it but I have had no luck finding out if it is in his museum on display.
baby girl i see you lookin so fly so why dont u come over here and chill with me tonight. you my sex games on point and i can drive you crazy, i bet you i can make you do it do it do it\" its like rap & R&B  sung by a guy   its called i can make you, i think but I dont know who its by or anything
Does anyone know any vocal excersises that are good to stretch my range open my throat and work on pitch?
She's so popular/ she's the head cheerleader/ and her boyfriend's the captain of his team/ she's living every girl's dream/ but her life isn't as perfect as it seems,  CHORUS: Behind her eyes/ tears well up inside/ behind her smile/ are feelings of denial/ under her clothes/ shades of black and blue show/ because the bruises only grow/ she doesn't stand so tall/ when the layers begin to fall,  When she goes to school/ she's so cool/ but she takes everyone for a fool/ because they don't know what she's hiding,  CHORUS: Behind her eyes/ tears well up inside/ behind her smile/ are feelings of denial/ under her clothes/ shades of black and blue show/ because the bruises only grow/ she doesn't stand so tall/ when the layers begin to fall,  Every night she cries/ because she doesn't know if she'll live or die/ and she's living a lie/ she wonders why/ they can't see/ that she isn't who she wants to be, CHORUS: Behind her eyes/ tears well up inside/ behind her smile/ are feelings of denial/ under her clothes/ shades of black and blue show/ because the bruises only grow/ she doesn't stand so tall/ when the layers begin to fall
To me music is slowing down.. so ima try some other artists, i was thinking Eazy-E or Common and never heard any music from them but was thinking to start can someone give me a place to start like a album.. Or if you can give me other artists, but nothing wack.. Everybody who names people can u recomend a album?
Okay, does anyone know where I can download a full version of the DVD part, especially the Hoboken show, of The Black Parade Is Dead! for my iPod Video?!
thanks
... Here I come to save your day Nothing can stop me I'm on my way ...  PLEASE tell me what song this is, I have be searching google and yahoo ALL week Thx I heard it on TV, but I didn't see the name of the song or anything because I was trying to fall asleep. PLEASE HELP, I LOVE this song, but I can't find it ANYWHERE
is the Carpenters??
aghhhhh its always stuck in my head.  it's called \"you shook me all night.\"does anyone else like it?  and no i am not some old hag trying to relive the glory days of drugs sex and rock n' roll. haha i'm 15
Its on the movie \"Austin powers: the spy who shagged me\". Its in the scene where he is at the club and he meets Felicity. This song that im looking for transitions over to American Women by Lenny Kravitz. here is what i could make out of the song that i could understand:  you dont know i like you baby i looked around well you dont know  close your eyes girl, look beside her  these are some of the words in the song. if you have ANY idea on what the song might be, or you know what it, please answer and i would highly appreciate it!
i personally like them but what do u think of them?
Can anyone email this song to me as an attachment? Or know how to get it free LEGALLY?? amazingdefinesme@yahoo.com
i want a song about being ex best friends with someone something like a big fuck you to them. thanks<3333 =]]]
i love that song who else likes it?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it is the one on disney channel when the night of premiers commercial comes on whats the song called when that commercial is on i cant remember lyrics pls help
Follow this link: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhfYH3dUhn4&feature=related
does anyone know the lyrics for the song What is Rock by the blue man group? I tried to google it and it couldn't find it. thnx!
I need that for my album collection in songbird not just country I only want the nice people to answer this question
 @Return Of Jackyl  ahaha, stoner rock! i love it.
what the heck... THIS IS SUCH A DISGRACE . http://youtube.com/watch?v=6EvO_466ChA
Does  anyone know the lyrics to  \"Go Your Way in Peace\"??  Can someone please help me... :)  Tnks If anyone needs clues, I was kinda looking for a chorus song: it goes like \"Go your way in peace, wander as you may....\"and I forgot the rest of the lyrics ~I know like the first line and then towards the end its like \"sacred until then\" ~and thats i think the very last line... ((the entire song title is \"Go Your Way in Peace\" and then towards the end its like \"sacred until then\" ~and thats i think the very last line... ((the entire song title is \"Go Your Way in Peace\"))
i heard it during a slideshow at my cousins grad.. [MHS] and its a guy singing and one part goes like this \"..saying goodbye is so hard but ill say it anyway\"
sounds like good charlotte but i'm not sure the lyrics go something like..\"no way no way be now baby if we found each other our way maybe it'll be\" help this has been bothering me! it's on z100 a lot.
some lines include: \"i fight to steer my trouble ship to safety\" \"i thought i could be your crush i thought i could be someone i thought it could be in you heart\" \"i always thought that it would get better\"
It goes something like \"Im wasting my time on you\" and it sounds similar to Mr. Brightside by The Killers
can anyone tell me a website so I can find all artist of all types of rock music or can anyone make me a list? (My favorite artist to compare to are gavin degraw and tokio hotel)...?
The music weblog Sweethomenashville.com did poll close to 1000 metal lovers and they published the results today (My God, close to 200 bands are listed!). Metallica is first before Iron Maiden. Some unexpected bands are on the top 10!!! I just don\u2019t get it!!!  The page where you can find it all is here, by the way: http://sweethomenashville.com/?p=234
here's the lyrics: This song is for a girl who fogs up my windows, then keeps me up all night just to say goodbye, in the morning she'll be half way across the country and by dusk she'll be unpacking her things You'll always be my East coast sunrise (sunrise)...I'll always be your midwest moon that lies, within the sky in which we lie under, you're saying goodbye but i pray you just mean good night I hate California, yes i do, or rather the way it keeps me from you, I wouldn't trade all it's sunny days for a fall without leaves I'll forever miss the way your skin tinted red in the winter I hate California, yes i do, or rather the way it keeps me from you. You'll always be my East coast sunrise, I'll always be your midwest moon that lies
it goes \"put my pumas on cause they are real sneakers, put my nikes on cause they are real sneakers...\" please email it to me!!!!  amazingdefinesme@yahoo.com
whats the name of this song? it sounds like oldies. i recorded it to my phone and uploaded it to rapidshare please help me here is the link: http://rapidshare.com/files/127719582/Kay__305_t__12_.amr.html
what are some good bands/songs?  i like: rock, screamo, indie, altenative
I was listening to a new song by Soulja Boy featuring Bow Wow. It is called \"Get Money\". I hated Soulja Boy, He couldn't rap for sh*t, but in this new song he isn't bad. I like some of his verses in this song. What do you guys think?  Link to Song: http://www.zshare.net/audio/14815006ef8458f4/
it goes \"  for i won't live to see another day, i swear it's true\"  im thinkin it migh be oh idk
i like http://www.hiphopearly.com/
How would I go about playing this song?  4|--f-------|-e-c-----|-f-f-e-d-|-e-e-... 4|--c-------|-c-------|-d-------|-c---... 3|--a-a-g-f-|-a---b-a-|-a-------|-g---... 3|--f-------|-e-------|-d-------|-e---... 3|--c-------|---------|---------|-c---... 2|--f-------|-a-------|---------|-----...
it's by Queen but i forgot what it's called. it's fast and the lyrics are kind of dark. something about \"...break till it hurts... you take all my money....\" anyone have a clue on what song i'm talking about? that's it! thanks and i know it's by Queen =)
just like the store but has no 30 second sample only the ones are good but every song that is on the cd from the start to the end of the cd. I can stop before the song stops If I want. I wanna listen to it to see if it's good specially the ones that are not country. I need that for my album collection in songbird I can listen to any cd's from any year that is released or by genres to see if it's good. I wanna see how good is this cd because I only thinks 2 song is good on this cd and the other ones sounds bad are nogood to me Weezer-The Green Album Hash Pipe and Island In The Sun I only want the nice people to answer this question
i know some of the lyrics...\"7 days and 7 nights of thunder.  the waters rising and i am -something- i think i've fallen in love with the angel -something-\"  it be really helpful if someone knew what it was called. i am drawing a major blank.
im downloadin some girly songs and i need help on what songs to download!! please help me!! =]]
What will it be like//When my time is up// And I pass away//From this old life// What will it be like//Oh,what will it be like// When I close my eyes//For the very last time// And I reawake//Oh,what will it be like// What will it be like//When I find myself// In Your paradise//And Your angels are singing// sweet songs of praise//What will it be like// What will it be like//When I look around// And I see/The familar faces// Of my friends and family//Who had come before me// Into this paradise//Of lakes sparkling like crystal//And beautiful clear blue skies//Oh theres streets of gold// Theres believers walking by//with new youth in there eyes// Oh there faces are shining//Just like stars in the midnight sky// Oh what will it be like//What will it be like// When I gaze around//And finally see//The reason I'm here// the Man that died for me//Oh I see Jesus//Sitting on His throne//With angels sorrounding Him// PLEASE do not answer yet! Additional part to song coming! Oh what will it be like// What will it be like// When He steps off His throne// And comes down to me// He wraps me in His loving arms// And says to me// Oh My child//Oh My child/ Welcome home// Oh what will it be like//What will it be like/  /Additional part to song.tell me if you like it in or out.  Now I can only imagine// How amazing it'll be// When I finally get home//To where I'll spend eternity// Oh how amazing it will be// When I see the face// Og my Lord and Savior// Oh will I brake down crying// Or will I dance around with joy// Singing hyms of praise//  Oh what will it be like// What will it be like.   ****** this is aviously a religious song. Its slower but builds and falls. I did write it myself and I'm only 14,so please me as critical as possible with me!  thanks everyone!  And please tell me what parts don't seem to fit or if something would seem better else where or anything liek that.  Thanks soooo much!
No swearing or inappropriate language!!!Suitable for 11-12 year olds
That used to be on the Six flags commercials, wayy back in 2000......it goes like \"Hey now, Hey Now, you wanna play [or say] now.\"    i know its an old song, but i forgot what it was called... anyone know Yeah thats the song
I remember listening to songs from a two-tape set in the mid- to late-70s, and while I clearly remember some of the songs and artists, it might be interesting to learn which others were there that I didn't listen to much or just don't remember.  It was probably a Columbia compilation. The two tapes were red and there was a logo--either a \"C\" or a target--on the front of each one. There was enough music on them to imply that the vinyl release would have been a four-record set.  I've been thinking about these because a political parody of \"Big Bad John\" as applied to John McCain has been mentioned in the news, and the Jimmy Dean version was on one of the tapes.  Other songs were \"A Boy Named Sue\" by Johnny Cash, \"Delta Dawn\" by Tanya Tucker, \"Stand by Your Man\" by Tammy Wynette, \"Rose Garden\" by Lynn Anderson, \"Flowers on the Wall\" by the Statler Brothers, \"Almost Persuaded\" by George Jones, \"Baby, Don't Get Hooked on Me,\" by Mac Davis, \"Foggy Mountain Breakdown\" by Flatt & Scruggs.....?
I dont know the words to the song, but its a country song, and shes says \"so unglamourous\" over and over, it might be a different word but it is driving me crazy. Can anyone help?
what are some of the newest songs that lil wayne either made or at least are in even for a second. thanks
i really want to learn how to play this song. if u know the strumming pattern and tabs/chords.
Hi! I really want to find this song! Does anyone know what it is?! It goes like this: 'There's so much more of me, so much more of you, that I can hardly breathe...' I don't know the rest! Please tell me what it's called/the artist/the rest of the lyrics so I can find it!  It goes sorta like this: da dum da dum da da dum. It's sung by a guy and is more of a love song.  Last time I posted it, no-one knew what it was called.  Thanks!
Song and artist please?
That an artist can take 50-100% of a hip-hop producer's publishing from a song, for sampling 1-3 seconds of their song? Eason: When K-Def produced funky child for lords of the underground the artist that he sampled from took him to court and got 100% of his publishing and there were 5 different samples on that but only 1 artist took him to court and got 100% of his publishing
started writing something today  Memories past me as I walk these streets A ghetto mystery so I proceed cautiously Ready if any n*gga approaches me A slick thief with thoughts of robbery Corrupted minds here aren't hard to find The hood has the most dangerous crimes With drive-bys while children play outside Mothers grieve, knowing it wasn't their time We gotta rise above, demonstrate the love Parents have for their daughters and sons Instead of living a life of a ghetto thug Handcuffed at a corner for selling those drugs
one song i thought was good was Everything i once had. I want songs that teens like
What's that french song they play when the french girl is performing and Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker start performing to save her from getting shot?? Please Help me, I'm going crazy trying to find it..i know the words Bonnie n Clyde are in it That was it..Thank you sooo much
It repeats that lyrics so i'm guessing it's the chorus.  Sortof a pop rock type song.  Thanks x Not Good Charlotte or Gavin Degraw Thanks for your help though!
Well i know what its about but i need a translation on what yoshika is saying.
The song is on the last part of Mortal Kombat, when liu Kang sees his brother and there is this girl siging in the backround, and one liu kang finishes he says lets go home  zonia appears and then theres a bass beat that keeps repeating, and the song is sung by a woman, soft tone its at the very end of the 1st mortal kombat movie, where all the kids are running with flags. Please Help me find the name of the song, and who sings this song. Thank u so much. God Bless U All.
Me and my friend are in a debate. I would say Madonna (that's who my friend says is)  but Mariah Carey has more #1 hits, but my friend says that doesn't count because M.C. is more towards the R&B side.  Who do you think? (doesn't have to be MC or Madonna)
australia....
its this one http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eUjXkzle6oA&feature=related anyone know where i can find the english lyrics?
when i download songs using limewire they show up in the \"downloads\" section but not in the library. Only the very first song i downloaded showed up in the library but all the others arent there. What do I need to do?
or just tell me the name of the band who made it. the place of this video is set in a madhouse. and the nurse slashes a big hammer into the lead singers legs while he is lying in bed.  i think that this lead singer had black hair and a pierced lover lip. oh, and last time i saw this video it was 2001 or 2002. i may add that i saw this video on viva (german music channel), so it ,maybe, could be a german band.
Some emcees ain't no suckaz... You know... Straight up..Some emcees could spit about politics, stuff on the street bangin' girls, but can make a track about the problems around the world... Yeah some emcees can be contradicting sometimes... I ain't sayin; who though..lol... It's like these emcees gotta dark side & a bright side. But here's a list of emcees who spits in both categories concscious & gangsta.... Tell me which style you enjoy better from each artist...  Ice Cube 2pac Nas Canibus Jay-Z  Iono who else I don't feel like thinking of otha artists you can add on if you like... But which style do you like better 4 each artist
In Mariah Carey's Bye Bye video there are old pictures that they show. Are those pictures of her actual family members? Or were those pictures taken just to put in the video?
just wonderin, i've had Bizarre of D12 write back to me once
does anyone know about the warped tour barbeque for the bands? I'm supposed to be going to it and i'm not sure when it is? anyone know?
I couldn't find it on 5th Gear and She's Everything was the last single on Time Well Wasted. I heard it on the radio  Waitin On A Woman-Brad Paisley that's a new single I check on the last album they have it is track number 3 on Time Well Wasted. I only want the nice people to answer this question
hey everyone! i'v always wanted to sing on youtube...but im really scared cuz i have never sang in public before. its not really the people i dont know on there that will view my videos im scared that someone in my school or someone that i knew would. i really want too because im always singing and i need somewhere to sing....so i decided on videos and putting them on youtube because there are a lot of people who sing on youtube! im not sure if i should....help me?? thanks! hey...if i ever end up singing on youtube ill put the link up kay? thanks for the positivity from some of you. it helps! :)
he writes first letter caps nvm bish   lol @ TLC. u noticed how I spelled it wrong lol haha
I am doing this talent contest and I was thinking of singing and dancing damaged by danity kane, but the rules are no sing-along. does anyone know how to remove the singing, but still have the song?
The lyrics go \"I don't wanna make what's right about this wrong... after all you are sending me\"  if was on the MTV 2008 Movie awards and people have given me lyric websites and they don't work... I really want this song... if you need to see a clip of it it is on the best male performance nominee videos on mtv.com it's the juno one for michael cera... and before people think i'm lazy and just asking on here, I'm not I have looked for over a month and i need help!
I need good bands a bit of everything is ok
and always faster
ok so like in a week im gonna have a road trip thats gonna take like a loooooong time so i need some awesome songs and bands to listen to on the way there. punk/alt./rock w.e so yeah just lemme kno please and thanks :)
I am working on a CD to improve the music tastes of two of my friends, (I asked a question about it a few weeks ago), and I have run into rough spots with a few bands, because I don't want to have more than one song from a band on the CD.   So. What song by each of these bands do you think I should put on the CD?  1. Iron & Wine 2. The Grateful Dead 3. The Doors 4. Jimi Hendrix 5. Pink Floyd (but it would have to be from DSOTM) 6. The Shins 7. Nirvana Sorry, I guess some people misunderstood. I plan to use a song from each of these artists; it's not a competition between them. The reason the Pink Floyd song must be from Dark Side Of The Moon is that it is the only Pink Floyd album I actually own, (I am appropropriately ashamed of this) which is because I started liking them at the same time my last iTunes gift card ran out, and I don't like to deal with buying stuff by credit card online.
when their accused of being overrrated when its mainly the company's that are putting their music out 2 every single radio station and papers labeling them the next etc.
There is this song in the Shaun White snowboarding game trailer. Anyone know what it is??? Here is a link with the song. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7AB4yM3sm... BTW  It starts out without the song so wait for it to start plz
http://www.myspace.com/jessiwinkmusic  && yes its me YES its ROUGH but im proud of it... and i would like your real opinion.  feel free to add me if you want for sure!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YdlEMmAFfIM  or  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KOmWOsfM6As&feature=related
I heard that word in \"Flourescent Adolescent\" by the Arctic Monkeys. The song says \"Was it a meccadobber or a betting pencil?\"
Just wondering. :]
 Phonex Zam got it - It was Silent running- Thanks
it goes like: Close your eyes, can you see me tonight, can you see me tonight, I know your not allright, but this is over tonight, can you see me tonight. Thats all i got of it. its a rock song off of a victory records dvd i got with a cd
not just country sometimes I listen to other kind of music too! not all the time I really into country now even from the past years from 2000 or any year I hope I able to find any in store like cd warehouse that has a cd out. I need that for my album collection in songbird I only want the nice people to answer this question
Only pick 1 song  Guy-  Jodeci-  New edition-  Anita Baker-  SWV-  Mary j Blige-  R kelly-  Boys II men-  Mariah Carey-  Gerald Levert-  Bobby Brown- Boys II men didnt sing poison that was BBD  I guess u all are too young to know any of these people here are mine Guy-Peace of my love  Jodeci-Forever my lady  New edition-If it isn't love  Anita Baker-Sweet love/same ol love  SWV-Right here human nature  Mary j Blige-Love no limit  R kelly-Honey love  Boys II men-End of the road  Mariah Carey-Vision of love  Gerald Levert- Baby hold on to me  Bobby Brown- Every little step
Whats your favorite song on Guitar hero? Name the song and which guitar her it came from.
all i can recall is: i know she's bittersweet, she knocks me off my feet and: she's a mystery. 10 points to first correct or first correct detailed answer!
Does anyone know where ican uplaod music and then redownload it whenever i need to?I have a little bit of space left on my computer and i need to put my music on the internet to clear some room
 it's a fuckin mixtape by the game
I just wants some peoples opinion on if im good at singing you can hear me sing here...  http://youtube.com/watch?v=Eef43vy9EZ8  Please tell me what you think.
The lyrics kinda go like this:  \"Im a losing baby. So why don't you kill me\"  Then the other part goes like this:  \"My time is a piece of wax. Falling on a termite. whos choking on a mothers splinters\"  Anyone have an idea what song it is.
I loved it
The song starts about about her dad drinking and mom during pills, then in the end she's taken to the country to a new home and family.  She goes to church and see jesus's picture on a wall and says that's who was with me the day my mom and dad died.
yeah I know about Globus... but is there any others? I really like songs with Latin in them I mean like they have a quier of people in the background singing.. Some times in a different language
This is a good question for any die-hard film score listener. In the past 30 years, most film scores have adopted choir music, most of which seems remnant of the requiems of old.  I'm trying to figure out which composer decided to make use of it first.  I'm beginning to think that it was Jerry Goldsmith in \"The Omen.\"   Any other ideas?
Whats your favorite Death album? Mine is Symbolic, but I love Human and Individual Thought Patterns.
Hip-Hop isn\u2019t the problem, And it aint the solution  I\u2019m just another person Trying to stop the confusion, Stop the pollution, Stop stereotyping the rhymes, Can\u2019t a person speak they mind? Love is so hard to find in this world of crime, In this world of hatred,  So I\u2019m tell you how it really is, These kids never got to choose, Rich or poor, Ugly or alluring, It\u2019s all the same to god who is adoring, When you small your parents tell you \u201Cdo anything you have forethought\u201D, But you got to crawl before you walk, Have to listen before you talk, Practice before you perform, Hold steady ready for the thunderstorm, Don\u2019t let haters bother anymore, They don\u2019t even know what they was really hating for, Come one, live for what\u2019s in store, Got in your heart so much more, Words can hurt anymore, Hip-Hop should be appreciated for the good not evil, It should be used to bring up not down other people, The talent rises up to the top of the steeple, No one can keep Hip-Hop down its simple, Because shouts are heard father than a whimper, So the hype makes waves just like a crimper, If you just listen for a minute the wisdom will go further, Even if you is just a new learner, Hip-Hop always going to be on lock, It\u2019s just non-stop, Gonna zap you like static shock, Unlock hip-hop from the death, Because the people have taken it and beat it till the is hardly any left. Please give me an honest answer but don't talk mess.
Ok, first of all, my range...if C4 is middle C then my range is from E2 to G4. My comfy range is around C3 to C4.   My voice changes at E4 (it switches...and notes become harder to sustain). I can belt up to a G4 but can't sustain notes very well from E4 upwards. What voice type is this?  Here are some songs that I sing that I wrote that can help you judge: www.myspace.com/gilbertlam  Some people say I've got a breathy voice? What does that mean and is that true? What artists am I similar to? And what songs would suit me?  Sorry for all the questions...it's because I've never had a vocal lesson in my life so I know absolutely nothing about singing! Thank you very much in advance  www.myspace.com/gilbertlam *Edit: I CAN sustain notes E, F F# and G but I have to sing really loud and use lots of vibrato. When I DO belt out these notes, they have a ringing quality to them. However I would never sustain these notes cos they'll just be too loud. There is some tension also
I just want a list of the songs off of their newest album. I'm a big fan.
What are some good songs
The Orchestral Files by Jean Grae Digi Snacks by RZA Brooklyn Zu by Ol' Dirty Bastard T.O.S. by G-Unit No Introduction by Tyga.   Thanks in advance.
THE COMMERCIAL HAS WIND MILLS IN IT, AND A COUPLE DRIVING TOGETHER.
ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. i heard it on pulse 87.7 fm and it kinda goes like this    \"I like it when you pull my shirt I like it when you.....\"  i love this song. I'v been tryng to find who sings it forever PLEASE HELP ME!
help me out please
does anyone know where i can find the song Liebeslieder by Cinema Bizarre ??
Hi guys, i really would like to know what the name of the song that was played for the unveiling of the jaguar XK during the 2007 mph show. You can listen to it here: http://youtube.com/watch?v=lux5Nyc6Bbg I think it sounds great! Thanks a lot guys!
i'm going to see jason mraz tomorrow and i was wondering when he does a show is it just him and his guitar or does he have a band?
BeSiDeZ JiMMiE pAiGe ... aNd EdDiE VaN HaLeN ... <33 AnGuS YoUnG iZ MiiiiiiiiNEeeEeeeEEeeeee <33333333333333333 BoWLiNGg 4 SsoUp gUiTaRiSt???? TBH HEz RiLLyy HoTT <3
I've heard this song many times its classic rock.   The lyrics are something like:  Fa fa foolish ???  I've been tryin to find it forever! thanks! thats it!!!! thanks alot! :)
In this video:  http://minimovie.com/film-128330-Happy%20Birthday,%20Mr.%20President  Partial lyrics:  Here\u2019s what I\u2019d do, yeah If I were you, yeah I would not worry (can\u2018t make out) Maybe someday Fate will come my way If that don\u2019t do I\u2019ll leave it to you To mend that broken heart
It's called Top Billin by Audio two
i love the songs that are on there...everyone knows them but can u get it with the mixes....if u can HELP PLZZZ
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkB5-BHxKZI&feature=related  And This  http://img73.echo.cx/img73/2443/pepper3gh.jpg  Lmaooo boredom......   Q:Do you think Nas Album will sell like Lil Wayne?
wats the song by panic at  the disco that says \"I'm the new cancer\"
For the sake of a music challenge.. I need songs from gay and lesbian rock stars (ex. Melissa Ethridge) and popular songs/ artists made into musicals (ex. aida, mamma mia) If you know any, please post!
what bands, artists along with there songs would you say would make a class mix tape ineed this bad cus im goin to t4 onthe bech and wanan do sum music please!
I'm considering purchasing a used old bass but the person says that it \"needs some work to get it running\" so I assume the electrics have issues.... I'm going to find out more specifics but if it is a Fender or good brand I will still consider purchasing it.  How expensive would it be to redo the electrics/pickups ect.?  Both if I did it myself and if I got someone else to do it?  Sorry that this is so vague I'm going to try and find out more specifically why it doesn't work....
A few weeks ago, remember? I asked you for suggestions related to native, traditional melodies of the USA...Many of you responded and were most helpful...  Well, last friday 4th. of July my little piano pupils performed for those North Americans who are presently working at a school, here in Peru, South America...They played many of the traditional melodies you so kindly suggested as a homage to them..They were thrilled and couldn't believe that so far away little children were playing these melodies, so dear to them..  Of course all of them shed a few tears...listening to Stephen Foster and so on. The last number was She'll Be Coming Round the Mountain, which I played 4 hands with my little pupil.. That was it! They were so touched, and so they said. They declared that they would have never guessed they would hear all that significant music here in Peru!  In short, it was a very, very beautiful token they received..and you dear classical people had a lot to do with it. Thanks
Is there any way to make it so all the questions with the words \"jonas brothers\", \"hannah montana\" \"miley cyrus\" and \"selena gomez\" don't show up on my screen? I'm so incredably*sp* tierd of seeing questions about all of these people! its so hard to find a question worth answering anymore! So is there any way to do this? Does anyone else feel these questions are old and redundent(sp)?  Thanks. Isn't the reason for fansites is to post how much they love them and ask the dumb questions on there? ...idk i guess thats what i thought they made the fansites for....was i wrong?
I tried to sing \"This Is Me\" by Demi Lovato, but I just don't sing I have a good singing voice. I really,really, want my voice to improve. I practice everyday with the same song. Still not very good. I don't want to pay money just to have a nice voice. Any ideas to make my voice sound better? Please, help! I meant to put, I think I don't have a very good voice. Sorry for the error!
cool so could you tell me some artists names plz ... thakns pepl DONT FORGET TO INCLUDE SOME INSTRUMENTALS THANKS   GOD BLESS
not 98.7 or 106.7 i live in california
There is a song that i heard once by Big Audio Dynamite, it's like completely made up words.  Does anyone know what song it it?
can you name me some songs that will make my friends truck bump hard? he has huge speakers in he back of his truck and the bass is super loud. what are some songs that have a loud bass in them? im looking for some hardcore rap music
http://www.myspace.com/fsmiixtape  song: 'UF'
 i think it is mercy   tankyou xx whoops    thankyou   !!
it's the song that starts with...  shake that thing, da-da-da-da shake that thing, da-da-da-da  and it repeats that a bunch of times.  it also says in the song  let's get it on to the early morn', get it on to the early morn',lets get it on
How many of you guys know me?  MQ: What kind of guitar do you play (or own)? I own/play a Godin Exit 22-S and a 1986 Fender Gemini II
A few years ago I heard  a live performance of a Christian rap song called \"COOL MONDAY\" Does anyone know who sings it? I cannot remember the bands name....
Im bored of the ones i know.
I was wondering if anyone could tell me where I can get an outfit like the female prison guards in Falco's music video \"Weiner Blut.\" Also, if anyone has an views or thoughts on what they think the video means, I'd like to hear that too. Thanks.
but what does he mean by I just passed a Jimmy and a White? I know a Jimmy is a blazer but what is a White? any answer to this will help me cause I cannot find it on the internet anywhere.  thanks
its really bothering me and i want to know!!!
It is by Coldplay. I have listened to the song many times. I just don't understand what it's about.
Do NOT tell me LIMEWIRE............
any one out there crazy about songs- i am so please give a xcellent list of new indian pakistani and english songs i appreciate your help
I can't find it on iTunes or Limewire. It's a good song, (look it up on YouTube) but I can't find a way to download it other than just downloading the YouTube video, but that is terrible quality. Thanks in advance.
personally i think its c*** but others have said different. im only 15 and play 10 instruments now. the first song was recorded 1 day after i  got the tenor saxaphone. be kind... and comment http://www.myspace.com/xxxsusieqxxx
which amp should i go with... im thinking more about the raven bc i HATE that the line 6 has so many things... i just like plain amps.
it was at the end of Wrong Turn 1. it was some rock song.  anyone know what its called??? thank you!
I can't decide between color guard, piccolo, and pit.  You see, the instrument I picked in elementary school was the oboe. However, as time went on, my teacher told me that if I wanted to stick with band when I got to high school, I would need to be in either color guard, play another instrument, or pit (since I can play the piano).  So I decided to learn the flute, just in case. Eventually I picked up on the piccolo as well, and I've been taking hip hop since I was 8. Now the question is, which one do I do? I think color guard, marching piccolo, and pit would all be really fun. As for the oboe, I will be playing that in concert band, and flute in the orchestra.  Please help me decide which one I should do! The band director wants me to march picc, the drumline director wants me to do pit, and the colorguard director wants me to do that.  I'd greatly appreciate it if you could tell me any experiences you had with either three! Thanks!
ok so im writing a song and here is the chord progression for the verses: Em, G, C, D, Em, G, D, C Is this in the key of G major or E minor and why?  At first it sounds minor because of the Em chord (based on the root of the E minor scale) but then the next three chords are major...  Also, please leave any comments about how good this chord progression is.
I just need ur fave Songs =) making a list plus I need a list of songs to use in my audtion for American Idol   Thanks to all =) Newer Songs help me out greatly.. any song that a female sings helps too plus if shes an alto, it'll be a perfect match..thanks! =)
is there any stores tht sell any eminem merchandise (tshirts,accessories,etc.) besides online stores? thnxx! (: 2nd answer: o do  u know wut section it was in? prly in boys or teens or sometin.
song being played.. A female is singing on top of an orchestra with violin.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lf-c95Po6Rc  or  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yOAl0enE7kI Dude BMTH isn't even that good I never said I hated BMTH I like a few songs. It's just that he didn't answer
i think most of his stuff is funny but some of it is too much lol, what do you think?
I'm in a 4 man band, who plays weekly. Despite our experience we've managed to never get on-stage monitors. Now we're looking to invest in some, but want to make sure our mixer can handle it. I really don't know much about how this stuff works, so any help will be great.  We have a Behringer PMH5000 Europower powered mixer Link: http://www.musiciansfriend.com/product/B...  with two Peavey 215 speakers Link: http://www.instrumentpro.com/P-PEA057217...  and are looking at Kustom KPC10M 10\" Monitors Link: http://www.musiciansfriend.com/product/K...  Do you think the mixer would have trouble pushing all of this? Would we need to get an amp?  Again, Sorry I don't know much about this so thanks in advance for your help.
dez are the lyrics...... \"hit me on my myspace come over to my place, wanna see your pretty face girl won't you give me a taste yo, girl won't you give me a taste yooooo yea.\" den it repeats its self again. i think that's the chorus of the song its an R&B song
Does anyone know where I can listen to the karoke version of \"The Broken Ones\" by the Talley Trio? I'm looking for just the instraments or if the voice is quiet that would work too. Thank You.
it sound kl and i want to listen to it more anyone know what the song is or who sings it u know the song that cm punk comes out 2 (wrestling)
I have no idea what the video is about, but i would like to know what the song is? Does anybody know?::  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MnDIVlb8v88
I believe the lyrics are \"My favorite thing to do is wasting my time on someone like you\"  it's sung by a girl. she sounds pretty young and the music is really dance'y?
Give me some good alternative/hard rock songs.   NO mainstream bullsh!t, but they can be about anything you want.    I will listen to whatvever suggestions you give me, and Best Answer goes to whoever's list I like the most. XxPeachesxX, I like your song the best so far.  Charles Dick, I already listen to Bring Me The Horizon haha. So it doesn't count.  Inge, Screaming Trees is alright, but a little slow for my liking.     Anybody else wanna contribute their ideas?!
Does anyone know where ican uplaod music and then redownload it whenever i need to?I have a little bit of space left on my computer and i need to put my music on the internet to clear some room i want to be able to upload all the files at one time and if possible at least about 15 gb if possible or unlimtied space
I'm looking for music about girls crushing guys, and pretty much anyone else. Being too beautiful for anyone else. Being bitches. Idk. Sometimes I just like to listen to it when im cleaning haha. for example.. she wants revenge, and some nelly furtado, some fergie... just music about being badass. this sounds really stupid but i dont care. answer the question. :)
not sure, the generic view of the music video is about conformidy, the singer is running from what seems to be an army of men and passes sunglasses to a man to see the truth in ads, which reveal a tide in the situation to make 'him' run and give the glasses to an old lady. any answers? not sure, the generic view of the music video is about conformidy, the singer is running from what seems to be an army of men and passes sunglasses to a man to see the truth in ads, which reveal a tide in the situation to make 'him' run and give the glasses to an old lady. any answers?  it is recent, and it is not 'they live' it was shown on muchmusic, i am curious still. :(
Hey, I hate to spam, but I would like you to rate my band. We're big on fast music, and have started writing Gaza'ish breakdowns and trying new things. I would appreciate if you had anything to say about it, be it rad or bad. Brutal honesty would be best, but tricksters are accepted.   www. myspace. com/ tightbikes  The new recordings are not the finals and will be redone with better sounding drums for sure.  Now I truly feel like a douche bag. Thanks Y!A
What is the title and/or artist of the song that is played in the background during the napster segment; I think it was the first one played during that segment and it was just instrumental so no lyrics to help.  Even a link to a video of that section would be great because I have looked everywhere with no luck.  Thanks for any help!
in the beggining it goes. ''another round of appulse, you really got me goin. but now its time to go. very entertanin'. dont tell me your sorry cause your not.... baby your only sorry you got cought. and you put on quite a show..... you really had me goin.''  and thats all i really remember right now  thankssss.
I need to find websits with the piano version of Demi Lovato's single This Is Me. PLEASE help me!
Why do so many hate them? I enjoy mine. It just depends on what type of music you play. I respect the fact that you might play a Fender, even thought I don't like them, I don't go around saying it.
and at the end he is the old guy.  I think ther eis a small boy in it as well - he sounds like the guy out of the calling? it's about 7 years old?
Anyone have any good song suggestions? I've downloaded most of the songs from Second Stage Turbine Blade, as well as Ten Speed and Welcome Home.
i don't know the name of this song, or who sings it, but it's a guy singing and the only lyrics i can remember were somthing about \"i remember just what you said, you told me not to call after 10\", something like that. i think the song was talking about a girl that a boy met at the beach during the summer and he misses her. i know it isn't much information, but if anyone recognizes what song i am talking about, i would really appreciate the help. thanks!
There is a song at the very end of uptown girls where she is watching her do the ballet and the guy is singing and it goes daddys little girl and then it goes molly smiles. Please tell me the name of this song i luv this song!
its like an alt rock kind of scene looking band and they are all drunk in some club and there is a buncha lights  gahhh its hard to explain  but like, one of them pukes and like i cant remember what band it is! please help if you have any ideas!
1. And know the magic of her charms.... 2. But once your heart`s been in it you just can`t forget it... 3. With the jukebox lights spinnin' 'round and 'round.... 4. And in your heart I know a sorrow grows.... 5. They'll lead you 'round town like a scalded hound...  Extra: Were the couples who sang the duets really couples?  Were they ever married to each other, romatically involved, or related?
Oh yeah, this is a good one.... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4HvA9Uj4oIE&feature=related
trying to sell my ticket asap! best offer!
wats that song that akon sings n he says teeth grinding
mine are: And when I wake up I realize that everything's still wrong I'm still here and you're still gone It's not fair Cause either way I spin it Separation seems so wrong These breaks are far too long  powerspace-sleep...everyone
Does anyone else think that the New Kids on the Block video looks like an SNL parody? Especially their dance at the end. I laugh everytime I see the video. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25qiZy7vmqY It's not an actual video on SNL. I thought it looked like somthing Saturday Night Live would do. This is the right video. It is from Universal Music Group. How far did you get in it? You must not have watched the whole thing.
i run. and im running out of songs. i like usher-make love in the club. shawty is the sh!t(10) the verve-bittersweet symphony. finch. lillipop-lil weezy.(any good song from him?) any new rap? um usually rhythmic things. stuff like that.
Lyrics are something like.. what is what is love.. love is love is love. l is... o is... v is... e is ... i said you better believe it... can't find it on any lyrics searches i have done.
so i just found out the other day that my cousin is an absolutley amazing singer and she loves it but im the only person shes ever sang for. she hits these high notes like you can't beleive...but she will not tell anyone else or let anyone else know of her amazing talent. how can i get her to come out of her shell and let people know how well she can sing!
i've been singing since i was just a little kid. and i've always wanted to try acting, people say i'm really good at it. i want to know what could help me in pursuing my dreams. i heard imta is a very good place to present your acting and singing skills but what steps do i have to take to get into an imta competition? thank you.
I am just trying to get a list of famous country music artists together. They don't have to be alive. If they where famous at one point I would like them on this llist.... Thanks...
I am wanting so bad to go to a jonas brothers concert for the longest time and I was wonderin where you can get the cheapest Jonas brothers tickets but they have to be front row other wise i dont want them because its betr up close. I was also wondering where I could possibly get backstgage passes to? Links please!
children of bodom
Does anyone have an extra Itunes giftcard they dont want??? I know it sounds weird but I love music and I have no cash so if you do can you send it to balloonbuds101@aim.com??? If you do leave a comment saying you di...THNX!!!
Other than Guns n roses, ozzy, iron maiden, black sabbath, avenged sevenfold and pink floyd
it doesnt have to be a site for downloading but rather having a list of newly realeased albums like jazzy b's new rambo albums  any answers would be appreciated  i already know about djpreet fmw11 and others like pz10
Need to update my ipod....I listen to everything mostly HIP HOP ...R&B...and what ever else se help!!
rap songs jamaican reggae 1990's old school good music hip hop something like \"wooooah sing! wooooah\"
where can i find them? post it
It's at the end of this video. Please help me out!!!  http://in.youtube.com/watch?v=qjSCQrZyWG8
I heard it at Hot Topic recently the lead singer was a girl, and the lyrics were something like, \"you'll always be my only one/i'm so into you\" It's a rock/alternative type song
I NEED the title of a techno song that in the beginning theres a man saying \"In the beginning there were was sound...\" Or something like that...then there are drums and then it goes into a Techno/Rock beat.  Please help!!!  10 pts :)
i heard a song on the radio in november... it was about flying, maybe from the point of view of someone flying... i believe it had a name or the words captain or pilot in the ttle. i think the title was kind of long... not much to work off of but if u know the song please help me! 10 points to whoever finds the correct song :-)  i lo remeber the sog was kind of weird like neutral milk hoel's music, just not something you hear on the radio every day
I need that for my album collection in songbird I only want the nice people to answer this question
I'm thinking of an old music video i just cant remember the name. It was really famous it was animated and it was black and white with a guy and a girl runnin around. Like a flipbook or something. they made fun of it once on family guy where chris got trapped inside.
they had a casette single out i had it when i was a young i thought i would get a kick out of it if i heard it agian, if any one could help that would be great! thx!
i was wondering what the title had to do with the song.
1 2 Freddies comin for you 3 4 you better lock your door........whats the rest
I want to make sure no one steals our band's name. How would you make that happen (patent or copyright) and HOW MUCH WOULD IT COST?? Can I do it ONLINE? thanks
my grandmother gave me her whole collection of pointer system organ music that i use for my piano. i wnat to purchase a score for the song \"piano concerto in b flat,\"aka \"tonight we love\". is this stuff still available?
I like Horrorscope the best then Under the Influience and Taking Over. What are your favorite cds.
looks and personality!!       (i don't like either but which do you like)
if you were me which of these would you get http://www.musiciansfriend.com/product/Fender-Stevie-Ray-Vaughan-Stratocaster-Electric-Guitar?sku=510053 http://www.musiciansfriend.com/product/Fender-John-Mayer-Signature-Stratocaster-Electric-Guitar?sku=515036 = the mettallic one. I love playing I'm not a begginer but no expert if you have another good blues guitar give me the link. please mak it 1550-
Group Album (besides 36 Chambers): Group Song: Solo Artist: Solo Album: Solo Song: Wu-Tang Affiliate: You don't have to answer all of them if you don't wish to.
I'm not exactly sure of the lyrics but I know some of them:  I'll do whatever it takes to turn this around... I know that I let you down Give me a chance Give me a break It will keep us together... For ever and ever   Thats all I know, but thanks everyone! (:
Kinda like... photographs and memories - jason reeves everything changes - staind all again for you - we the kings push - matchbox 20 this years love - david grey.  stuff like that? kinda sad, mellow, songs? I just got out of a 2 1/2 year relationship with a guy ive known since i was a kid and been best friends with my entire life. He was emotionaly abusive and turns out he cheated on me. I need some songs like... photographs and memories - jason reeves over you - daughtry pretty girl - sugarcult all again for you - we the kings my reply - brightwood could it be any harder - the calling wherever you go - the calling everything changes - staind push - matchbox 20 who am i to say - hope almost lover - a fine frenzy .... stuff like that.
Do you think they would respect Lil' Wayne? Dipset? G-Unit? What about Snoop? Do you think they would think of him as a \"Sell Out\"?
i was at a dance in the winter and i heard this techno song tht i really like i cant describe it but it should be famous cause it was played. it didnt have ne voices in it. ummmm..... help!!
Whats the best grime song out there?
I just broke my high e string on my electric guitar and have already used all of my electric strings  but i do have some strings marked for acoustic guitars. Would it be any dfferent if i put that on my electric guitar?
 Lisa, Duh, I know that.
im not sure what the lyrics are but its a new song i think sometimes on the radio, its in a squeaky voice and it may go something like...\"stay with me...\"
Im starting to get into rap/pop
Its a song i heard on the radio, it sounds like the transplants, and it has a sample of the music from that garnier commercial...the woo woo and then piano notes... Anyone know who does it and the song name? Thanks!
BLAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!
It is russian club/techno etc kind of song. I don't know much. All i know is that a girl sings it and the main thing that she says is: \"na ra na na\"  She sings it on russian. Anyone if knows please post..Oh, and for those who know russian she also says sth like: na sekund sad je ..\"  Thanks..
you know the kind of stuff theyll play in \"hippie\" stores.. like celtic kinda stuff? down tempo? Im not sure.. But I love listening to it when I go to some of the \"hippie\" stores.. anyone know any good stuff like that?
I really like Sum 41. But my dad is not letting me listen to it. And please don't suggest bands that cuss alot alot, I am not into that kind of stuff. I go on Youtube, and I was surprised that Sum 41 did not cuss alot. From what I heard it seemed like they would.  Are there any bands like Sum 41 and possibly Blink 182?
Okay, please don't tell me limewire D: I need a karaoke version, and the short version cause im too lazy to sing the long version >.<  Please help
Okay, what i ment by emo/goth was like the band \"Aiden\" you know, cause WiL dress goth, but i need to know some emo/screamo/goth bands with dark lyrics, something thats sounds kinda like aiden.  thanks.
I just learned how to palm mute but I was trying to do a up strum with a palm mute and it seems that the higher pitched strings tend to still ring as a pick upwards, can someone guide me on how to mute those strings also?
well a couple months ago i bought a drum set and it came with duct tape on the bottom of my 2 air toms and my floor tom. im wondering what the tape does. so if you could please tell me that would be great!!! i bought em used. the guy before me had it like that oh and if i take them off, will it be louder
I'm looking for some new music, I really like Boys Like Girls, The Starting Line, Tokio Hotel, We the Kings, Hit the lights, etc.  Anything like that? Preferably bands that aren't well-known. Thanks!
i need a place to downnload music to ipods for free..
i just don't see how you couldn't love them
Can anyone recognize this piece of music? Any help would be appreciated!  http://nicksvideo.com/classic.mp3
I'm not professional, so if some people don't like it, I don't got no problem....anywayz.....  I'm lying awake 2:00 in the morning, Trying to forget about you... But no matter what I do, To tell you the truth, I can't help but think about you.  Ooh-ow-oh I need you Ooh-ow-oh I want you Oh-ow-oh I gotta have you. Please don't leave me hanging here, I can't live without you near.  Seeing you with her, it hurts to think 'bout what we once were. I thought I was your girl, But it was all just a blur. I can't help but wish I was her.  I need you Ooh-ow-oh I want you Oh-ow-oh I gotta have you. Please don't leave me hanging here, I can't live without you dear.  I never imagined the day, when you'd come to me and say, 'I am going away, I can't go on this way...'  The way she looks at you The way you look at her, I already know I'm out of the picture.  Now it's all over, there's nothing I can do, I just wish you knew,   CONTINUED.... I needed you, I wanted you, But finally after all the tears, I've learned to live without you here...
Man, I been a homo since I gotten on this site. I cant control that. Why you think I like coming in this section? I was born a homosapien so I cant control that.  Eason W. loves Women not Yahoo Suckas!!!! lol How he gonna go and get more answers than me? lol TYW: That wasnt my profile. You didnt catch on to that? HNIC: Dang lol. Its was.
I already asked this question but I really didn't get many answers. So This is my third song that I have written so tell me what you think.  I used to be a shy little girl but I had to see what's in this world.Mad at myself for letting people get to me. Crying myself to sleep every night. Wishing everything was going to be all right.  Chorus Don't you see I was just hiding behind a camera. Scared of what people would think about me. Not knowing what lies ahead. But just thinking about what was happening then. I was just hiding from them.  I was the girl sitting in the corner. Everybody always look at me like I was some kind of foreigner. Nobody even knew me but they sure did judge me. People would only see what was on the outside.  Chorus  I hated that girl back in the day. But now I've grown up and changed in so many ways. I learned to express myself and to say what I want to say instead of keeping it bottled up inside of me every single day. I was just hiding behind who was really me
and if you do who's your favorite grime artists  http://www.bbc.co.uk/1xtra/  http://www.channelu.tv/  http://www.mtv.co.uk/channel/mtvbase
are there any other freestyle artist like Lupe Fiasco???
it was played during  the club scene, and used steel drums.  it doesnt show up on the soundtrak
My form tutor is leaving the school at the end of the year, and she is, with out a doubt, the best teacher i have ever had. She came round my house when i got hit by a car, just to see if i was ok. I came into school, and she immeditly knew something was wrong, and she just came over and gave me a hug.  We are all going to miss her lots, and i have been asked by my class to make a vidio with clips of people saying goodbye to her, but i am stuck on what song to put in the background...any suggestions?  A happy song please:)
I had a 'crazy' idea for a band.  Like have a Rock type vocals, female vocals, country vocals, pop type vocals, someone who can rap a bit, a drummer, and possibly a keyboard person.   Instrumentals: Electric Guitars, Acoustic, Bass, Drums, and Keyboards.  With the help of computer software.  I wanna do sumthing unique that noones done before, so If u have any other ideas please give heh. lol. Please give real advice, I realize this may sounds stupid, but I wanna do something thats unique, that could be good for alot of people.
i saw this video a guy was playing piano i cant figure out the notes in ABC format. is there any website or anyone who could tell me the chords in ABC format.this is the video http://youtube.com/watch?v=A_Q-lJgP3wg  please help
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_cDcRiKOOd0&feature=related  It's perverted :P
can any1 tel me wer ther is fre taylor swift sheet music for the piano. please dont answer by saying that ther is none. i ned an answer!
need to know haha fanx if you doo xx
Whats the song that starts off like \"when i was just a young boy....\"? thanks any help is welcome.
Linkin Park, Metro Station, Plain white t's, 3 doors down, flyleaf, simple plan, boys like girls
As much as I love Gangstarr I think that fool Guru needs 2 reitre that cat looks a fool in his videos...That fool look old a ish... watch this video...Just skip thru it... I was rollin'  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhspfUN_cWY  LMF@O!!!  I think Jay should reiter imo.. I know a lot of cats would prolly disagree... But He doesn't make anything dope 2 me anymore lik a lost interest in that cats music... Same with LL Cool J...  What other emcees need 2 put up da mic?
I've tried soulseek, torrent sites and megaupload searches and I can't find any music by them. Anyone care to share?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BX8_cc7Q6zM  or  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mq6bxLn4WEs Thanks Andy You don't need to answer to say the songs suck. If you don't like them just shut up about it.
song from lee ann rime
I really want to listen to it, but it isn't anywhere on Youtube or anything...PLEASE HELP!!! Also, where can I listen to Goodbye and Simple Song from her new cd too?
I know three band members in Green day, but is there another member?
well its a nice song and it makes me cry every single time i hear it help me need it
http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AmM4P_94MV_DGGkATnNzkQrsy6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20080705052527AA8jkus  I posted it yesterday but no one answered... =(((
I know its called Glittarati or something like that and its about paparazzi and a limo and stuff. >_< Whats the song and whose it by?
Whats good?This is Lil Pete Aka Don P,an aspiring Hip-Hop artist and would like some feedback on my music. Positive and Negative ( hopefully not,haha) criticism is greatly appreciated. There is always room for improvement! The link is:       http://www.imeem.com/people/CS-Pp5_  or  www.myspace.com/lilpeteakathamvp   Thanks in advance! Lol at Rissy.
the begenning is as the music at the banquet
In which song is it?  Mine's Run Run Run's multiple solos, by The Velvet Underground.
I am a HUGE fan of summer songs.. One of my favorites right now is Jason Mraz-I'm Yours. Does anyone know of any songs with the same kind of sound?? My friend heard one by Justin something.. but she can't remember the name and she said it was real tropical.. jack johnson-ish. Any suggestions would be appreciated!! :)
I am 17 and i have no musical background!!
Does anyone have it? I've tried a bunch of searches and cant find it. Please post, thanks
hey , thanks for all the responses.....Wheels in the Sky by Journey....but i heard a different version of this song, more metal sounding than the Journey one.....does anyone know who may have done a remake of this song....the version i heard sounds almost like Dio.....
I was at a bar and heard a song I really liked but didn't get a chance to ask the DJ what he was playing.  I jotted down these lyrics quickly because I thought that's what I heard.  Searching on the internet hasn't found the song so I'm not sure if these are even the right lyrics.  Does anyone know of a song with lyrics that sound something like this?  It was kind of a slow techno song.  Thanks.
have any ideas?????? i need something that talks about being free or being set free......  something emotional and inspirational....
(That's if you can remember them)
Is there any songs similar in lyrics, meaning, and rock style music like \"my name is trouble\" by nightmare of you?  thanks in advance
there are imelodys and when i was looking up how 2 put a melody on my phone, like the fur elise or something, it was confusing, can someone help me?
Alright so i was a wnba game and at half time there was a song and it went like \"to the right to the right to the right, to the left to the left to the left.\" and i have no idea what the song is... okay i already got it!
ii like blues rock like the rolling stones, the black crowes, kings of leon, the yardbirds, the who,  etc, etc, and i want it to preferably be new band.
m shy and have been told im alittle bit of a loner... wanting some songs that can go with that
well its a millie remix but it has the fox NFL sunday background thing well here it is:   http://youtube.com/watch?v=-FF_paOSL3s   I think its a good song but i need to find it on myspace, or some where i can buy it or download it pleasee help ( please don't say listen to better music or something stupid, because i want real answers not your stupid remarks, i listen to whatever i like. )
Okay, toss up. Who is a better preformer between the 2 men?
on  a scale of 1-10 how hard is it to learn to play a eukele
I don't wanna go that store in ottawa it's wasting time I have a computer I can look at stuff online that store almost closed it's Sunday stores usually closed at 6 on Sunday in ottawa. I want you to go that store site and tell me what cd's is on shelves. I need it all for my album collection in songbird I only want the nice people to answer this question
And if you are a fan, are you more of a rock or drum and bass fan?
I think i'd have to say Johnny Sniper - Enter Shikari and Flourescent Adolescent - Arctic Monkeys  xo P.
Okay, well my cousin and I are going to take a song a totally re-do it. (do our own cover) But we dont know what song to do. We are going to turn it into and pop punk/alternative kinda song, so dont do anything that doesn't need that. It's for our new YouTube account and were going to have  A BUNCH of videos like that so it would be AWESOME if you could request more than one song.   P.S. we dont know the account name yet.
Where can I download the mp3 of this song?
It has like an Indian sounding beat in it as well as a hip hop beat and occasionally has a woman singing in what sounds like Indian. I cant explain it too well lol, but I've heard it a few times as the club and really like it! Any ideas? i dont think the words are in English, if I had lyrics I could sear for it lol. i know its kinda hard to find it without them! its not Calabria I know that song. it has a really fast beat in it as well as a slower hp hop beat. I dont think its Jay Sean i didnt find it in that link.  Sorry I cant give more info! I found it, thanks guys. Its Panjabi MC - Mundian To Bach Ke
I can't find it anywhere. 10 points to whoever does it. Thanks.
I was just wondering (not being racial) how come alot of black people don't like eminem? Is it just because he's white. Because some of his raps are really good. I was just wondering this. I mean some of his raps are serious and not the crap about women drugs violence. Just wanna hear ur opinion on it.
What rock bands do you like?
k, so i was in hollister and i heard this song i reallly liked,and i don't remember all the words,but ok, so its like\"you stole my (heart or eyes..idk)baby and now my hearts beating out of my chest.i was (somethin somethin)forever,forever,\" then repeated.that was like the chorus.there was a lot of guitar playing,if that helps(which i know it sorta doesn't)but PLEASE! i really want that song! i haven't heard it at hollister for like a week,but i want to know.some of the word aren't exact,but please help! il def. give 10 points!maybe look that part of the lyrics up somehow...i don't know how to find a song with lyrics,but if you know something like that and found it,thank you,thank you!!!!! oh, and if,and only if you find the song title youy can maybe add another hollister song you like.don't send an answer if you don't know the title. p.s., i know ts not beating hearts.thats another god hollister song,but not it.thanks!! oh, i remember,it was like you caught my eyesnow my heart is beating out of my chest\"ect...please help!!!!!!! yah,its not,sorry.its not on the lounge thingy,ive checked like 400 times.thnx,for the effort ooops,i found it.it was FTSK \"I don't know about you,but i came to dance\". i really messed up the lyrics.it sounded like that in hollister.anyways,thanks,now if anyone has good hollister songs they like,they can send thoser  in.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G9Mt_EsZGNg  the song.
just wondering if anyones going? if you are what part of the uk are you in? is anyone camping there? i no ya dont actually camp there but because i live like a 5hour drive away me & mi mate are coming down day before n camping somewhere in weston
Alright so basically i had this song, but then my computer crashed, and becasue i'm me i didnt burn it to a disk, so if you could email it to me (hopelesslyxxhoepfull@yahoo.com) or put it on like sendspace, mediafire etc. And please don't tell me to look on Limewire, bearshare etc. I don't like them. And i will cry, becasue that is such a shitty response.
My wife deals with inner-city youth and these children act out what they see on mtv etc. These common thug idiots throwing money around and drive retarded cars that were obviously decorated by \"Horrible-Trash-BAD Taste Magazine\". These children believe this is real life...of course it's human garbage on display with their 50 IQ's. WE are losing this generation to these idiots with a message of \"SELF\" and stupidity.  I apoligize for my rant......we just buried a 13 year old this morning and I am a litle angry..........another GONE as a victim of these morons!!!!!!!!  when will this RAP-CRAP END??????????
My 10... 1. Shake it-Metrostation 2. What you got-Colby Odonis 3. One more time-Daft Punk 4. I kissed a girl-Kate Perry 5. A milli-Lil Wayne  Did you see it coming?
i don't know all the lyrics but it goes something like \"just because its 2 o'clock don't mean that we have to stop.\"
I'd take Technical Ecstasy, it has Gypsy, Rock 'N' Roll Doctor, & Dirty Women. Apperently nobody has ever heard of either one of them. Yea, after Sabotage was their last good album, after that, they went away from their black style of music.
it doesnt have to be free, but ive been looking everywhere and can only find piano, guitar, and vocal. can someone help me PLEASEEEE
but the problem is i dont know the name of it or who sings it.i know its a love song,and it had jane in the song name i think.its not a new new song buts its not like old eather. i think some of the lyrics are \"dont worry jane\" or somethin like that. BUT PLZ HELP!! i need to find that song!!
White - by Bon-Bon Blanco anywhere besides limewire.
At the begining of the song. Who is opening that doll thingy?!?
dose anyone know whats this song? \"Woha Im Losing hope theres a hole in my heart\" \"i used to believe in\" \"I Cant Do this Alone\" There some song lyrics dose anyone know what this could be? thanks so much <3
Life is getting harder, My heart beating slower, Without your arms around me, Im about to give in.  Your face is fading, Your image changing, Your eyes stop seeing, You become someone else.  Something happened, Something changed, What was wild, Now is tamed.  As my blood freezes over, I feel your gentle touch, Melts my skin and melts my heart, It hurts that I love you too much.  thoughts on these lyrics please...have posted others...take a look as well please...thanks....xx
I am specifically looking for Workin For A Livin and Heart of Rock and Roll, Thanks.
What are the lyrics to this song?
 Rock bands
Theres a bunch of remixs to the song. But Im not talking about that. Im talking about two version of the song he made, one is the oringal one that is on his album, and one is a different version where his voice is more ethusastic. Which one you like?  This is the album version http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2vSyY8d-5K0&feature=related  This is the version where his voice is completly different and the one I like. http://youtube.com/watch?v=s4_Dei5srfM  Just wanna know which one you like. I really disagree on why some of you think the first one is better..Dont you think the second one is alot better?
Who do you prefer. Ozzy fronted Sabbath was good. But I think when Dio was with them they made better quality music and Dio has a better voice.
Then I'm not too sure how the chorus goes, but it's something like this:   If I only had one wish That'll be the day I'd make you my chick Cuz girl you're like oh oh,  She drop it to the floo floo  She poppin' non-stop like OH OH  Shawty she go Must be the good life . . .   Something like that I been searching for hours. :[  Help Please :]  >>>>>It's NOT Ray J - One Wish. The chorus is completely different. It's a new song. <<<<<
Or do you think they will just not be accepted as being as good or even better then The Beatles?
i like rock and alternative...but im startin to like some rap and stuff other people listen to...  any ideas on who i should download
lol..watch I think they did a good job this is tight...  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-4D4QZ-09so&feature=related
now or never when were chasing our dreams were getting close now don't turn away
Who do y'all think is the hottest mc in the game rite now (this year so far)
whats the name of that new song..some of the lyrics are like \"ur my baby ur my baby...lick the whip cream off like cake?\"  its pretty much a song about a girl he sort of sounds like ll cool j..same type of songs i think. any suggestions?
http://www.myspace.com/sexystevetherapper   Yeah I know the first song I didn't put enough life into it. Gonna remake it.
I like the stuff with breakdowns. Examples- Like Emmure. MyChildren MyBride It Prevails Arch Enemy Beneath The Sky Unearth Norma Jean Dr.Acula EmilyRose Winds of Plague Born of Osiris See You Next Tuesday
I want to learn how to read tabs for guitar. I checked out a few sites where you can get free tabs to songs. But, I'm clueless on how to read them. Help!?!!!
I was flipping through the channels and stopped on Numb3rs just as it was ending. Just before the credits rolled there was a song playing and the only lyrics I could hear from the song where, \"and I'll miss you.\" It was a male singing the song and I don't know which episode it was or what it was about. Does anyone know the name of the Artist and song title from this episode?
I heard it on a new radio station, i dont remember what it was though. It was sort of pop/rock-ish. And a guy was singing it. I'm dying to know what it was. HELP!
I'm trying to find bew Grunge bands to listen to other than the big ones Nirvana Soundgarden Pearl Jam and AIC.  Also do you know where I can buy the bands you suggest albums for cheap?
it is a country song by a guy.. we hold mamas hand we're just alike hey aint we dad  and i'll be strong as superman we'll be just alike wont we dad i can do everything you do i'v been watchin you  thats all i really know i really like it.. please help
Just sitting here humming & smiling to myself...!
Okay, I've watched it twice, and I still think I don't really get it :) Could anyone explain what's happening? I'm talking about version #1 here, not #2 (the alternate one). Thanks!
Thanx
Try 2 name a group(s) or duo(s) that has it where one person always seem 2 outshine his group member(s).  The Duo Bad Meets Evil (Royce da 5'9\" & Eminem) I think that Eminem kills it all the time... Royce Da 5'9 is a dope emcee but I think Eminem is just too good 4 him.. But they both ain't no suckaemcees you feel me... Shout out 2 Royce... But Eminem is just too sick... You don't believe me checkout they mixtape, every joint Eminem outshines Royce... Check this track out... Royce opens the track up so dope, & then passes da mic 2 Em & Eminem destroys it...  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oE-hXakWLXE
http://www.myspace.com/smobin
It's a song from Timbaland that is him and some other lasy singing in a foreign tongue (atleast it did not sound like english) and listening to it i got this:   Gimme the i you would know me as timbaland .....summer of sand .....floating ... Go on girl do that damn thing .. so girl why you acting, girl? Look at that look at that *insert something with a woman voice sounding like it's in a foreign language (sounds like they are saying \"naughty girl\")* i got all the b!+ch&$ to calm/come down .... I know I am the one you wanted  you want some honey? ...your ... smell like the sea          It's obvious that I need help with this one!!! Please help if you know the name of the song. =] oh. It's not Panjabi MC - Mundian To Bach Ke  Indian Flute bombay beware of the boys
Whats ur fav metal or alternative band?  Whats some of their songs that you would recomend?
what is better music rock n roll or rap???
I just heard about them recently on Music Choice they're listed as Techinal/Progressive and Mathcore. http://youtube.com/watch?v=y1apIcQeBo0 Oops I spelled technical wrong lol. Citizen Erased I like Despised Icon, Psyopus, and Converge.  I just checked out Botch they're pretty good thanks. I'm checking out Ion Dissonance right now.
I don't really follow rap that much, but theres nothing I would rather listen to at a party.  I don't know many artists or songs.  I just need a playlist for a party I'm having this weekend.  I think I have a pretty decent playlist so far, but I need some more recent songs and other suggestions.  Thanks
go ahead, list all the bands you like. try to stay away from too much country/rap. please! i want new music :D thank you
I know my question is realy confusing, but im trying to get the playback of a song like. Uh, without the lyrics in it just the tune of a song because i want to make song parodys and i dont know how to get one of those. Thank you for readin =D please help.
what types of things do u need   http://www.myspace.com/krylonn
Mcfly in an european band that in my point of view are really interesting, plus I enjoy every tune they play. Most of my friends don't know the band and i was wondering if any of you like the band. this way i can feel a comfort that i'm not the only one that feels like this?
greatly appreaciated (Y)
lol...
Thank you so much!
I mostly like Heavy Metal, Modern Rock, and Punk. (and screamo)  I like bands like: Slipknot, Mudvayne, Korn, Disturbed, Bloodsimple, Atreyu NickelBack, Papa Roach, Daughtry, Finger Eleven, Hinder. Sum 41, Blink 182, Good Charlotte, The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus, Senses Fail.
yellow - white - red wine and I keep ..... sorry I can not remember the words. Thanks to anyone who trys to help.
Are there any new songs that are really good  I like mostly rock but rap is fine too
Who Is The Best In Your Opinion, I Think WEEZY BABY =D lol For The People Who Don't Understand Why I'm Doing This, I'm Doing It So I Can Block The People Who Think Weezy Is The Best I Don't Think He Is BTW
What else is there to do. Ive been playing for about 8 months.
It's really important I need to know what to search for online in store in ottawa not HMV that site doesn't work I need that for my album collection in songbird specially country I only want the nice people to answer this question
mellow songs, pump ups or just random ones that are good. no scremo or rock bullshit i hate that stuff, things like rap, hiphop, techno and some rock songs are okay but usually i hate them so give a couple songs if you can thanks
Love makes fools from the best of us, Especially those who need it. You think that you are deep in love, When you just need a hero to stare at.  It is quite easy to mistake the word, For a quaint and gentle thing, But love can be a bumpy ride, Until you\u2019ve got that ring.  A badge of who you are and who loves you, Of whos heart you can break. But love can last a long time, So dont make my mistake.  I took the first offer that came along, But when i got to the altar i knew it was wrong. I tried to say no but the words wont come out, Make sure he\u2019s the right man, without any doubt.  i have quite put a few lots of lyrics on...please check out my others....and what do you think? any advice? thanks!!!
the chorus goes    you keep asking me to face my fears but honestly it's so unclear...the way you move is dangerous you take me to the air to trust but i'll have faith even if your way is dangerous.   i just don't know what the song is called and i really want to buy it.
can any one tell me all the songs by paramore? im making a cd but idk all of the songs..can any one help me? plz all serious answers! yeah ik it aint country!!!!!!!!!! but oh well!!!!!!
www.stickam.com/profile/foward  the first one (about that time)  does anyone know who it's by?
im looking for song lyrics to a song called someone like you by the fountainhead anyone got any ideas??
I don't have many details... They're new Their single has a section where they're saying \"na na na\" a lot They sort of remind me of Maroon 5 I hope that's enough info.
I need some new alt or altrock bands,  and I guess I could live with some more pop. Suggestions? Here's the stuff I like..  -1997 -30 Seconds To Mars -All Time Low -A Letter To You -Awake and Dreaming -Bayside -Blake Lewis -Boys Like Girls -Carrie Underwood -Cartel -Copeland -Driving East -Faber Drive -Filter -Four Years Strong -Hawk Nelson -Hawthorne Heights -Hit the Lights -Holiday Parade -Jonas Brothers -Jordin Sparks -Linkin Park -Madina Lake -Mcfly -Mercy Mercedes -Metro Station -Miley Cyrus -Motion City Soundtrack -New Atlantic -Newfound Glory -One Republic -Paramore -Push Play -Relient K -Say Anything -Scenes and Sirens -Sing It Loud -Sum 41 -Taking Back Sunday -The Academy Is... -The Hoodies -The Morning Light -The Starting Line -The Years Gone By -Third Eye Blind -Tokio Hotel -Vampire Weekend -We Shot the Moon -We the Kings -Yellowcard  Thanks for the help!
does anybody know any songs about being a slacker in life?(other than loser by beck). Thanks!
Things that have to do with music. Or not. I know it's kind of a silly question, but I was just wondering what I want to do before I die. Bizarre, we share the same hopes and dreams :D
Don't know all the words but love it:-  ........ whole club looking at her ................................................... no no no no no no no no   Sounds like Eminem?  Or Usher - these are the only words I can remember from the song - it is either \"no\" or low ?  Help ?????
okay its like a R&B song with a guy and a girl i think the girl may be Ashanti. But The Girls Says \"So Pack your things and run-along\" then i think the guy goes \"Baby Girl im what you had\".   thanxx.
Okay I wasn't clear with this question the first time.  Okay it's not plies' song \"Bust it baby pt2\" featuring Neyo it's a song by Janet Jackson or Mariah Carey and the beginning of that song that I just listed has that melody in it.  It's a song from like the late 90's but it's a slow love song.  I think the lyrics are either \"All my life I pray\" or something similar to that.  Does anyone know what song I'm talking about? Yea you got it right but it's called Come back to me :)
Can i put two string same sizes E - size 12 B - size 12  Would that affect my fret board ? I`m asking this question because i can`t buy in my town one string i must buy all,,,(i buyed week ago new and little e broke..)
i got old azz somgs! like umm pobre diabla by don omar ppl say dats a old song but i like it !
im needing some off beat guitar chords for our presentation but there isnt a proper chord for the parts so can someone help me with giving me some guitar tab for some short off beat stabs? anything welcome!!!
They year is probably 2000 or 2001  Throughout the video there are two people kissing through the whole song, but the music video doesn't show their faces or eyes, just their lips.. The whole song they kiss and the music plays I don't know what the song is called, does anyone know?
Does anyone know what album the song \"What a Beautiful Day\" by the Levellers is on? Can't find it. Anywhere. Please help.
I don't know what the band is or the specific lyrics, but it has that sad melody playing. And it shows the members of the band standing in like a meadow in the begginning.
It was kinda funky with horns. It had a good beat. It was playing in the beginning when Hancock was going after the guys in the car that were being chased by the police.
Ive heard this song on hot97 the past few days, but cant figure out what the name of the song is? It sounds like jeezy.. and the chorus has \"they like\" in it.   Thanks
This song was sung by Prashant Nanda.  I doubt, this song is either from the movie, \"Abolkara\" or from \"Paka Kambal Pot Chhata\"
1. Who's That Girl 09 2. Barack Obama 3. Dont Hate Me Cause I'm Sexy 4. Dont Push Your Belief  my music http://www.myspace.com/charliecheckm
It was playing as the credits were going...? any ideas?
Its a hip hop song and it goes like : Temptation,, t temptation. It sounded like dem franchize boys or something not sure and the beat is medium and i think the beat had some finger snappin in it.  Anyone?
that goes \"Yeah Yeah Yeah\" then the crowd goes \"yeah yeah yeah\" then the singer goes \"Oh-o\" Then the crowd repeats him? ive had it stuck in my head for like a year and i dont know who sings it or what its called... lol
SPOKEN  This song goes out to Miley Cyrus!! I miss you and i LOVE you baby!!     Hey Miley I need you i cant not live without you!! You are my sweetheart my honie my baby and i wish you were mine!! If i had you back i would make it the best!!   CHORUS  Miley I LOVE you!! You are the best thing that has ever happened to me!! I need you back!! You should be mine, i am nothing without you!!   When i was there you needed me and i was not there! My friends ask to go somewhere and i did not think to bring you!! I wish i could go back and choose a different path!!   CHORUS   You are always on my mind and will never be off!! If i new that you would go breaking my heart i would of changed!! I LOVE you Miley my baby!! I will never live without you!!   CHORUS 2x    Please tell me if this is the truth!!! I sure hope not...
Do they record the message and then play it backwars in the song? Or do they record it and then play it backwards and make the song lyrics what ever the subliminal message sounds like backwards?  Thanks   JW because of all the talk about beatles and all the  sumbliminal messaging---
this is my first year and i hardly have rhythm im scared they will kick me out if i dont have rhythm so what should i do ooo yeah and exactly does no experience mean this is my first year (fresman in high school) and i hardly have rhythm im scared they will kick me out if i dont have rhythm so what should i do ooo yeah and exactly does no experience mean
There is a song I have heard a few times, but I can't remember who sings it.  I only know part of it but it goes like this... \" let the politicians lie, let...., let the stoners get high\"  Does anyone know who sings it or what it's called?
I want some good techno songs. I want songs that are like Euro-House/Dance But i want them to be uptempo quick and loud. If any body has ever hear Miracle By Cascada That is the kind of noise that i want to hear Basiclly i just want the craziest sounding techno songs that you have ever heard and that you like Please give me good suggestions  Thank you very much =] Also if you have heard LE by the Settler Project i want something to that extent It would really help if people gave me specific names of songs and not just artists sorry if im being an ahole i just wana listen to good music
What are some good indie, alternative, and sub pop bands?
I thought the song you were looking for was Somehow...someway we're gonna make it to the other side.... united hand in hand we're gonna make it to the other side.
BALLER 24  which is meant for kobe does it mean he bought it for her is she supposed to be playing kobes gf?  i know its just a video but does anybody know the meaning of it?
Please tell me what this song is. I've heard it but need it for my background music in my 'Worlds hardest riddle' for a special thing Igot coming up so.Please help.
I'm a huge Michael Jackson fan and I wanted to know if there were refrences to Michael Jackson's Thriller on Tech N9nes Killer. Like a sampled song or lyric or something besides the cover.
lots ones with awesome beats and kinda techno like please help me just name the artists and the song so i can listen to them and who has the best songs  will get 10 points  it isn't quantity it is quality oh i like songs like this one   everybody everybody  by black box  love it!   im just a weird 13 year old lol
I wrote some lyrics.... i really wanna noe what ppl think,.... Good or Bad  Wipe those tears off your face, Remember the time that we would laugh all day, I'll fight the feelings inside, But Something isnt really right,  Change me, Save me, Show me who I Really am,  Make Me,                                                  Break Me, Just save me from myself       I wish i knew how you felt, Cause I think i need to leave you, There just this side of me, That thinks that your too good for me, But cant you see, Im overcome by your beauty, And Girl... You drive me Crazy  Change me, Save me, Show me who I Really am,  Make Me, Break Me, Just save me from myself  I feel it now, Something i never felt before , Girl, I think im love with you,  Change me, Save me, Girl I love you, Make me, Break me, You saved me from myself Change me, Save me, Girl I love you  Change me, Save me, Girl I love you
I haven't listened to too much off G-Unit's new stuff but I was skipping through T.O.S. on Itunes and Hollow Thru Him was a pretty good song. Any1 else suprised by a track or two on T.O.S?
Cannibal Corpse are probably the best death metal band Ive ever heard, it defines brutality, and corpsegrinders vocals are straight from hell. lol.  Anyone like cc?
i like music a lot. i was just curious to know the biggest song and see if i know it. help?
I mean all those guys frantically blowing their saxs and trumpets isn't it painfully awful.
its stuck in my head and i need the lyrics to egt it out! help! it said somehting like, \"yeah im headed out to boston figured i was tired...\" yeah. \"you dont knwo me, you dont evene care, oh yeah. you dont knwo me, you dont wear my chains.\" ?????
can u give me really good Rap, hip/hop song. ur favourites
Okay1 Hi Roxel :D  And two is Watershed worth all the hype?  I haven't gotten an album for awhile and heard its +6/5  Would anyone like to second that? I'm not a devout Opeth fan... yet. I like what i've heard but i've never really givin a complete listen to them.  So here's the question...  Should I buy Watershed or Recommend Another album.  thanks :] Well shorter albums aren't bad. Check Machine Head's, :The Blackening\"... That one was good too.  Alright maybe i will. I have the In Flames album.  It's not worth it to anyone who is looking to buy it.  Ask anyone here, I'm a huge In Flames but I haven't listened to the \"A Sense Of Purpose\" alot since when i bought it and listened all the way through.  Hey wait roxel, rocco and apc...  Is Firewinds new cd good?? I might go for that. And yeah, big fan of firewind.  Thanks rox Hm I got a sample cd with Arsis when i ordered a cd online.  Hm, maybe i'll wait a day and see what else pops up.
heard in a rap song...dnt remember which
I'm the lead guitar player in my totally awesome band. We are totally out of ideas for songs so we are going to cover some Classic Rock songs from the 80s. Where can I find sheet music for the guitar and drums for my band of classic 80s rock? I NEED HELP HERE PEOPLE. And if you think we shouldn't cover songs for way back when tell me and please give us an idea for a new song!!!!!!!!
It is extremely hard for me to explain, but I think it is fairly new (2-3 months old), has more than one rapper, and the chorus at the end say something like \"good on smash.\"  Any help would be greatly appreciated!
The 1960's? The 1970's? The1980's? The 1990's? Or today's r&b?
http://youtube.com/watch?v=7JYdAkGQK_Y
does anyone know where i can find  the jeapordy theme song for my theme music for myspace? besides youtube
Hello Everyone! i'm having a bit of a dilemma, it seems that i can't seem to find out the name or artist to this song, so i need y'all help!  it goes like this:  I've been in love before and it let me down, now that I'm all grown up no turning back no Like a childs' heart at play, you know the things we used to say. (You remember baby). When we were in love we made,  Promises, Promises, we don't keep promises promises we can't eat nor sleep promises promises we don't keep promises promises we can't eat nor sleep  girl when you broke out i thought it was the end.   And oh yeah it and old school slow jam with strong leading vocals and background vocals.  Please if anybody knows this song give me the artist and song title !  Thanks
...oni why dont you own up, you're not yet grown up. why play a game? the years will find you if you let them, don't try to get them before your time. Oni, don't lose what you got, by being something you're not..
baby your all that i want  as im lying here in your arms  your making it hard to believe  were in heaven\"    looking for title and artist please =]
Have you been since their new album came out? What songs did they sing? Was it mostly stuff from their new album or a mix of old and new songs?  I'm just wondering because I'm going to see them soon.
she is in somekind of a forest singing in a dirt road..  I saw the music video but I got in in the middle so could not see the intro and left before the end.   anyway can anyone tell me? she looks like in her early 20s, brown skin..
They year is probably 2000 or 2001  Throughout the video there are two people kissing thorugh the whole song, but the music video doesn't show their faces or eyes, just their lips.. The whole song they kiss and the music plays I don't know what the song is called, does anyone know? Gee : No, all I can remember was the music video, the song was a little slow..
Chris Brown or Rihanna?
just needing some idea on gothic music. thanks
Individual musician that is. I would want to fill in for Glen Tipton on a Judas Priest world tour. To play along side KK Downing would be awesome. Or..I would fill in for Nick Jonas,expose myself on stage,punch out a few fans and tell them to get the hell out
what kind of metal-head types are out there nowadays? I'm well in my 30s and don't have a clue about youth culture anymore?
On MTV Dance in 2003 this video played a lot. But I have no idea who the artist is. It was a a dance song ( obviously! ) with a woman walking down a tunnel at night. Walking slowly and dancing as she went.   Anyone have any ideas? It was played so much I hope someone knows what it was!  Thanks!
tell me if i'm wrong, but bearshare you pay something like 8$ ... per month? and you can download as many songs as you want, unlimited, right? have you done this? do you think it is worth it? i am an avid music finder and i'd like a legal service that i can get as many songs out as possible ^_^ thank you
He did what he saw you do, spoke what he heard you speak, where you go i'll go, what you say i'll say, what you pray i'll pray what you pray i'll pray
The  lyrics from Jon Young and the song name is \"Take a chance on me''
DO YOU HAVE ANY HAPPY SONGS THAT I MIGHT LIKE FOR RECCOMENDATION??
I already kow about tupac & that thugz mansion song. I need some more something similar to shwayze & cisco's song called \"buzzin\" & tyga's song \"first timers\". thannnnks<33
this vid has piqued my interest- http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MY96gAVjz_c  i only really know 'rocking all over the world' and 'in the army now'... and never really liked them.  i read somewhere that status quo changed their style at some point and annoyed a lot of fans. what's the story there?  basically, i think this song's great and i want to know what else the quo have got like it. where do i start?
I listen mainly to reggae music by artists such as: Demarco Collie Buddz Richie Spice Snow and artists like that Getting bored of the tracks i got. Wondering if anyone knows any good new tunes like that thanks
like a instrument that would be in a band. (drums, piano, guitar, bass, etc.)   and i don't want answers like: \"no instrument is going to be easy you just have to persevere\" lol  please just give me the truth
i like the beatles better
Im looking for the extended version of the track 'I won't give up on you' by TKA. I allready bought the album (louder than love) but the version I searched for does not appear on this album.  Who can help me find a downloadlink for (or knows someone in the Netherlands who sells) the CD-Single from  TKA - I won't give up on you.  It's from 1990, it would be appreciated if someone can help me find a link on one of the following sites: Rapidshare, Zshare, Badongo, Megaupload, sharebee.   Thanks in advance!
I'm into indie, alternative kind of stuff. I don't like all this hip-hop, rap crap that every other teenager seems to like or heavy metal crap. Some songs I like are: Lets dance to the joy division - The Wombats Shut up and let me go - Tings Tings How to save a life - The Fray Goodbye mr A - The Hoosiers Rockstar - Nickleback Mercy - OneRepublic Take her back - Pidgeon Detectives etc etc  I've listened to most of the well known stuff so don't go telling me to listen to the Killers etc.  Is there a website I can go on and it can give me suggestions I may like. I have the albums of every artist I just listed, the songs are my fav ones though.
say that a song is weezy's and it is not. Like when he guest appears they are like did you hear that new Lil Wayne song Crack House, Fat Joe is in it. And I am like that ain't a weezy track he just did the hook. Some of my friends who are weezy fans do this. Any1 else? ayo aka i thought that Crack House was a good song (Joe sounded like his Don Cartagena self) but wayne kinda messed it up.
Im trying to find this lil wayne song, and in one of his verses he's like you watchin desprate housewives with ya chic....or somethin like tht, do you know what it is?
It's been killing me for sometime.  I only remember hearing the engine revving in the song and the words, \"remote, remote control, 10 seconds down.\"  The song is probably at least 10 years old or so... Thanks but it's not cake...although it probably came out not too long before cakes \"going the distance\".  The one I'm thinking of is a bit harder rock.  Almost like Ministry's Jesus built my hotrod. Hahaha!  Thanks so much!!! It is Sugar Ray!  Someone once told me that a long time ago and I didn't belive them since I couldn't find it and thought it was a little too hardcore to be Sugar Ray!!!!  You made my day!!!
They said to me, Your time will come, Love will find you, But their words came undone.  I started out a little girl, Seeing first romance, But it wasn\u2019t mine, Just someone i knew, It wasn\u2019t my first dance.  They said to me, Your time will come, Love will find you, But their words came undone.  I thought i was a little girl, But that was in my mind. I was an innocent, Of sweet sixteen, Who couldn\u2019t press rewind.  They said to me, Your time will come, Love will find you, But their words came undone.  Im sitting here, Ten years on, And still i wait for love, After a short life time passing me by, Their words have come undone.  just any thoughts...
I need to know some good metalcore bands.  I want some like blessthefall and atreyu, that scream but also have some singing too. I was wondering if anybody knew of any rapcore bands, like zebrahead, that scream their rap. Also if you know of any good foreign metalcore bands that would be cool.
I JUST KNOW IT SAID I BELIEVE'   N SO ON SUMTHIN SUMTHIN.... ITS NOT HARD ROCK ITS JUST KINDA FAST
what albums are these song from I kissed a girl by: kate perry Realize by:colbie Calliat Say by: john mayer Sorry blame it on me by: akon swing batter swing by: trace atkins Your gonna miss this by: trace atkins     *please answer these for me
I have been playing for many years and i play bad ass with a natural style of my own but will i ever get to that level of technicality.
Man, last night at a cookout, we were wildin yo. Topics ranged from Hancock to Camron's vocabulary. It wasnt long till we got on the whole Hip Hop Is Dead movement and one thing my homeboy said that made so much sense and made Nas look like an idiot is \"Hip Hop Was Never Alive\". Genius!! I thought. We are asking ourselves about something that doesnt even breathe lmao. Interesting lol.  Another topic brought up was Tupac & Biggie. Now I have been said that Big L was praised cause of his death but can that be said about Biggie and Pac too? The phrase \"longevity\" in hip hop is a bunch of crap bcause it doesnt apply to Notorious B.I.G. since he was killed & Lil Wayne isnt that much different from Tupac (not being that good of a lyricist but having loads of work made with millions of fans behind them). It was a very interesting conversation. I didnt want anything to eat? so I had a Shasta (official drink of black cookouts).  So, what are your thoughts? Did you have a great weekend? lol Dog, I had a grape & orange Shasta lol. I like Tupac. I think he had great songs. I guess if I dont specify my own thoughts some will think I dislike him. Changes was far from a pop song lol. Crypt: Some people are saying Hancock was better than they thought, others are saying that the movie was worse than they expected & some think Will did it just for a paycheck. I gotta go see it lol. Poppy? Thats you.
does anyone by chance no a website that has *preferably free* sheet music for my beautiful rescue by this providence?!  i just love this song!!
can anoyne figure out the chords for the c a m p f i r e s o n g song from spongebob? Don't ask, lol.
Or are you only a hip-hoper? Whats the most none hip-hop CD you have? Funny that people instantly think \"rock-n-roll\"
does any one know any good vocal coaches up north please help xxx
it has has lil wayne dj khlaed and webbie(i think those are the artist idk if hats even right and at one point in the song webbie i think spelled out \"we the best\"?
What is the song that has lyrics like \"oh be my friend... let me in...  oh the rain falls...\"  Its a woman singing to piano music.  Thanks!
I want to know where i could get some ST albums for free and without using torrents (unless someone could show me how to make those darn things download faster).
it plays at the end when the credits are rolling, the only actual part of the movie i saw was that 2 girls were fighting and send a little doll flying to the floor and it starts playing music  it goes:  \"am i asking too much am i really that greedy? am i asking too much  what's the harm in dreaming\"  (i'm thinking its the chorus)  i searched for it but no luck hoping someone out there knows it, thank in advance oh i found the name of the movie it's called \"Poison Ivy:The New Seduction\"
a song thats for a guy. and good for a myspace default
I want to no all the of the words to it like the orignal
If I found some online in store for ottawa sometimes there is only one song is good but the rest are nogood. specially the ones that are not country. I don't wanna buy any cd or go to every store in ottawa that sells cd's it's wasting money and time I have a computer I wanna look at stuff online for ottawa. I wanna do everything for free on the internet I need that for my album collection in songbird specially country not HMV that site doesn't work and I don't buy cd's anymore I have a computer now I can only afford for 1 cd at the store cause the price is a little bit expensive it's cost $15.99 or something like that I have to pick one I really like alot or one whole cd is really good. I only want the nice people to answer this question
Or has used the beat in one of their songs
i'm listening to eva cassidy. what about you?
I was listening to my iPod on shuffle when a song came on that said Alice-Alice, but has no artist, or album artwork, I don't even know where the song came from, but it's really good. It's about Alice In Wonderland.  I don't know all the lyrics, but some of them are...  \"If we ever held back when we ride, well then our message is clear, my dear, this all ends tonight.\"
I would really like band names and the genre of the band. Thank you very much. Best answer will go to the music I like the best. So the more bands per answer the better.
I listened to some of their songs, and I really don't see what is so \"wow\" about them...  Maybe I'm listening tot he wrong songs? Please help, I'm sure they are great, and that is why I am asking this question, so I can start appreciating such a great band.
Really a two parter question... to save some points...  what is the worst R.E.M. album, and why?  and  what is the worst R.E.M. song, and why? erm... a lot of you think Around The Sun is terrible... which i know it's not their best album, but there are some good songs like Wanderlust, I wanted to be wrong and electron blue WHY DO PEOPLE HATE SHINY HAPPY PEOPLE SO MUCH!!!!!!!!  IT'S THE HAPPIEST SONG IN THE WORLD!!!!!!
I've wanted to buy a Rickenbacker bass for a long time now and now that I have enough money for it I can't find anywhere in the greater Lowell/ Middlesex county in MA that sells them.  If anyone can find a place I would greatly appreciate it.  It would be even better if you knew of a place that sold them for under $500!  Thanks!
I've been hearing this song alot on the radio but cant figure out the name of it. Its like an R&b kinda hiphop song. It has to be new. They say \"she got me sayin uh oh uh ohh\"
I have no idea. And for those of you who don't know this song, here's a link: http://youtube.com/watch?v=2B69EcBeaDQ
Heres the lyrics: she got me speeding in the fast lane,pettle to the flow man, trying to get back to her love.
okay, so im on itunes and i really want some good songs! they can be songs that just came out, or songs that came out like a million years ago.  but- just to specify, i listen to mostly hip hop.  so try to give me hip hop/rap suggestions.  but, i do like some other alternative songs and like rock.  some pop.  i am a big fan of the beatles.
weezy- 500 degreez 50 cent - get rich or die tryin lol an old school joint  weezy- carter 2...best hip hop album ever nelly- country grammer...haha that old school sh*tt juelz- what the games been missin mike jones - who is mike jones   damn all these old school classics lmao  jeezy- thug motivation gucci mane- trap house shawty lo- units in da city...that new classic playaz circle...i forgot the name of the album but the one with duffle bag boi on it
I'm making a mixtape with 50 songs on it, a band from each State. I'm stuck on finding a band or musician from the following States:  Iowa North Dakota South Dakota Utah West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming .. can anyone name any famous bands or musicians from these states?! Thanks for any help. jerry h: its called fun! do you mean weezer? I thought it was just one member from there.
I want to know what's yall favorite song OR songsss. :] !!!  & Don't put ''Barney:I Love You'' LMFAO.  Put some REAL songs & really cool ones.  I Like reggaeton the most so YEAAAH!! xD  Please & THANKZZZZZZZZZZ!    Oh & If you guyz give me some cool azz songz & I love them I'll pick you as the ''Best Answer''!! :]] !!     Anyways PLEASE !! & THANKZ !!  ARGHH OK iMA STOP TYPiNG BCUZ MY FiNGERZ HURTZ& i NEEDA TAKE A SHeT LOL jk
i have searched in the Find song by Lyrics, and got nothing.....its an 80's rock/metal song....what is the name of the song, and by who?
we need some easy songs for a starting  rock band not to hard esppecially on guitar
I would like to match everyone's opinion with an interesting and seemingly serious and well documented article, released today, that ranks the top 20 heavy metal band on the basis of a poll done in U.S., mainly.  Just in case, the link of this article is here: http://sweethomenashville.com/?p=234
Just name the top 5 songs ever  by these 3 singers starting with number one for the best. If you have asimilar singer that you want to add a top five list please do so.
We have a Keyboardiast, singer, bassist, 2guitarists. We dont have a drummer =( Easy songs please, we dont play any metal or anything, music like Death Cab for Cutie or something. Any Suggetions would help :D
What's a good song on how you thought you were friends with someone but in the end you never were.
here are the lyrics I know: gimmie the beat boys I wanna free my soul  get lost in that rock n roll  and drift away  thats all I know please help me
I've been trying to find a festival or gig to go to in the summer, but I can't find any that interest me :/ I'm into indie music like Mystery Jets and The Wombats, so if you know any I might like, please say! Thanks
write down the name of a song that starts with the last letter of the persons song choise that is above you  i'll  start - never too late - three days grace
when i was little i saw a video of some rock band then at the end they show them going in to a plane and i geuss that they died and then my cusin told me that they died in a plane crash and they never found the plane     so please who where these guys maybe some saw this video
Hi is FL Studio Producer Edition one of the more better Beat making software,also is it easy to make beats on FL studio with a keyboard.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KzfKoaRvRGA
please can you give me some songs but if you can only think of one thats fine thanks thanks agian the awnsers are brill
What's with the stickers? Do you have to buy your own cd cover? Because it's in like a paper case, but the sticker instructions seem to say to put the stickers on a cd case...
What is the name of that song that is sung by that man and it is basically co*k sucking fist f******g (and other words like that but I can't remember it that well) all of the way through. Its kind of dance, electro. Please can somebody help me! 11 seconds ago - 3 days left to answer.
okay..iheard it back in like 1999 and havent heard it much since.. but iknow it says something like i was about to close up when a women walkd in ahd then somthine like she left her purse and shed only get it back if they danced...and ilove that song but idr what its called ! HELP ME PLEASE
Those lips, Just barely there, Parted as you sleep, So soft and fine to touch, What secrets do they keep?  Your face beneath my searching eyes, Perfect in the moon, Familiar to my worried self, But im hoping you wake soon.  Your eyes, Shut to a to a troubled world, For an hour or two, Lashes resting soft and dark, Hiding orbs of blue.  Your face beneath my searching eyes, Perfect in the moon, Familiar to my worried self, But im hoping you wake soon.  These features, On your solemn face, Telling who you are, Show them all your troubled past, You\u2019ll always be my star  Your face beneath my searching eyes, Perfect in the moon, Familiar to my worried self, But im hoping you wake soon.  im posting a few lots of lyrics....i just want thoughts on what i could do, if any musician feels the urge to put these lyrics to music, feel free, just let me know what you think....thanks!
Can anyone tell me where I can find the piano music for Missy Higgin's \"Where I Stood\" online? Preferably free piano sheet music. Thanks!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7xwuZl7Hv8 that's the song
All I can give you is the tune, which probably isn't enough but try your best. It's a fast paced song, reggae-ish, dance.  Here it is...  Na nanana na na na na na, na nanana na na na na  na, na nanana na na na na na...  oh well, i know it's pathetic but that's all i got. it's not rompe...
www.myspace.com/smobin
We only compose 2 songs and are hoping to cover songs for now. We have a Lead Guitarist Bassist Keyboardist, singer and A rythem guitar Sorry no drummer, easy songs please :D
...\"and it was nice to have such a pretty mountain, and the fresh air, and th mountain breezes\".  It is sung  by a girl with a creepy voice. \"We're gonna have sunshine, we're gonna have sunshine, all day\" is repeated throughout the song. I have this song but I have no idea who sings it. Please help.
the only thing i know is it goes like...   chica sucio, sucio
Its a girl singing and it goes like this ...\"Going hard...thinking of you....i feel so alive and i dont really know what to do...time goes by, and when the rain drops fall from the sky...i know that theres ( )...... I know youre my love...eventhough...some times...I beleave....( ) And thats all i know of the song, if you know what the song is please tell me!! Thanks
Ughhh, so this kid is auditioning for the band I am in. We just lost our drummer and are going on tour in the winter so we are trying to find on quick. I am the lead guitarist and I do not know too much about drums.  Tell me if he is any good, and things that he could do to improve. This is a video that he sent me of him playing.  http://vids.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=vids.channel&ChannelID=219391121
I like Do I make you proud by david cook.  Brad Paisley, Taylor Hicks, and country music.
baby hold on tight baby dont let go i want to be the man that you call your boo...........im pretty sure dis is reggae so dont give no rock song or pop
I'm in my school chorus, and people say I'm pretty good. I can sing both high, and low. I want to sing a Katy Perry song in my summer talent show. But I can't decide what song, I'm really good at Thinking Of You, but sometimes I can't hit the notes right. PLEASE tell me which song you think I should do!  1. Thinking Of You 2. One Of The Boys 3. Fingerprints 4. Wakin' Up In Vegas 5. If You Can Afford Me 6. I Kissed A Girl  These are just suggestions, if you have any other Katy Perry songs that you prefer, just say them! Thanks In Advance!!!
it goes sumthin like  your not a man, youre just a manican n idk the rest but thats how the chorus goes  please tell me
what's the name of that country song about the guy telling about his grandpa reading a note to him that his grandma wrote when the were teenagers and then she dies?
i already looked on youtube
Standing still in the midst of everything, Why have you all stopped? If you\u2019re waiting for the future, boy, Well the future has been blocked.  It\u2019s not our fault we can\u2019t get through, It\u2019s all too far away, We don\u2019t belong in this manufactured world, In the end I\u2019ll make it ok.  An empty space in history, It\u2019s waiting to be filled, Make it what you want to be, Home for the strong willed.  The few who\u2019re left, Gave up hope, mistaking us for dead, But if we were fighters once, we are fighters still, We make the future wake in our stead.  You can close your eyes and count to ten, Hoping more time has passed, One day you\u2019ll blink and realise, The future\u2019s in our past.  ive written loads of lyrics and this is the most recent. if anyone wants to try putting it to a tune or anything, just let me know what you think and how it works. any advice? i know its short? just any comments...                           thanks! do what you like! its up to you what happens to them...whenever i try to do something with them they end up sounding like a disney song...its really bad...lol
They can be slow or fast, but slower is better.   Thank you! Oh sorry, I want them by other composers than Beethoven too. I already know lots of his sonatas.
Well I heard this song once and I can't remember all of it. I also want to find a place where I can download it. The bridge goes something like this: Barges, I would like to go with you I would like to sail the ocean blue. Barges have you treasures in your hold? Do you fight with pirates brave and bold?
Cute Is What We Aim For Pearl Jam Nirvana Mcr Aiden From First To Last Jimmy Eat World Paramore  And So On =]  Thanks Dudes x
I'm a beginning guitar player. Do you think I made a good choice? From what I can tell it sounds good, and it looks good. Any thoughts? Anyone own this guitar?
Who is the singer of Daddy Cool?  1) The Beatles 2) The Village People 3) Boney M  Regards, Date Naturist http://www.datenaturist.com
Other than Barracuda
I would really like to know how to because yeah, it would be cool, i need some help
im going on a road trip to the beach and i am going to make a playlist...any ideas? i want them to be fun songs that we can sing along to, very upbeat songs!! thanks
gfhgfh
Then you listen to it again and realize its actually an amazing song?!?!    As some know i've always said By-Tor And The Snow Dog was my least favorite Rush song.  After hearing it again now i'm wondering why I ever said that!  Its an awesome song!    Has this ever happened to you?
I'm 13. I have a pretty voice is what I get A LOT. But sometimes, my voice cracks, and is hard to manage, I like a lot of songs that guys sing,  such as Cute is what we aim for, We the Kings, Blink182, Click 5, and FallOutBoy. . .  More rocker. I love paramore.   I also want to hit high notes.  But the thing is, I need more warm ups, and tips on how to make it easier for me to sing, And clearer, but still in my own style.   I'm drinking tea right now, to loosen up my throat.  Thankss (:  && HELP ! (: How do you use your diapram ?
My niece is trying to find out the name of a song or at least the artist of it. She doesn't have much detail other than it is country, she believes is by one of the newer, younger singers. It is fairly new and it talks about a guy doing things he shouldn't. I know how broad this must seem, but she just says it says something about he said he wouldn't go but then he did so the song is about her leaving him. I don't really know. Sorry I don't have more info. Hope you can help her out. Thanks in advance!!
What is the right term for this: God is watching us from ...  1) a balcony 2) a webcam 3) a distance  Regards, Date Naturist http://www.datenaturist.com
I fear for them  The band will go on a tour around Europe with Gorgoroth, Moonspell, and Septic Flesh in December 2008. The band will also headline a tour with Satyricon at the end of 2008.  This is regarding Cradle Of Filth Well. I read on Gorgoroth's website and it seems the don't mind touring with Cradle. The new COF albums is in stores around Helloween so hopefully it's a good one. I agree Countess it seems out of place Gorgoroth is seen as one of the staple Norwegian BM bands and Cradle is looked down upon by most in the BM scene so I was just saying..
It's a gospel one!
like Kanye, 50, Wayne etc
I am getting an electric guitar soon, and I need suggestions on an amp, costing $300.00 max!  Help is greatly appreciated.  Thank you :)  Also, any advice would be greatly appreciated.
Its a rock band an where at a loss for some cool names that stick, can i get some help?
Nme all the rappers you can think of that's considered mainstream and all the rappers you can name of that's not mainstream
They be representin well for the latinos. anyone own any albums from them?
I need more pop/rock songs again... something along the lines of these artists, i prefer new songs, but whatever u think a lower alto/med alto can sing will work too! =D thanks in advance!!!!   Girlfriend-Avril Lavigne Irraplaceable-Beyonce Don't Lie-The Black-Eyed Peas Sea of Love-Cat Power Heartbreaker-Mariah Carey How To Save A Life-The Fray Boy (I Need You)-Mariah Carey Candyman-Christina Aguilera Mercy-Duffy 1234-Feist Almost Lover-A Fine Frenzy Love Story-Mariah Carey 4real4real-Mariah Carey Side Effects-Mariah Carey Last Kiss-Mariah Carey Thanx 4 nothin'-Mariah Carey Bye Bye-Mariah Carey Promisucious-Nelly Furtado Hands On Me-Vanessa Carlton
what are some acoustic wizard rock bands?  i love hermione crookshanks experience and the ministry of magic i am going to a concert tonight! :D oh my gosh. remus lupins are amazing in concert. :] i just saw them! and YES! people listen to wizard rock! there were like 250 people there!
i have a big show in a month and im not fully confident in my vocals so can someone give me some excersises techniques anything plz plz!
please put anything that you can think of that you like ?  R&B RAP COUNTRY ANYTHING  THANKSSSSSS.
all i can remember is guy who kinda sounds like the lead singer of smash mouth goin \"one more day\" then sumthin else and sayin one more day again.  any help would be greatly appreciated.
I'm teaching myslef \"Clair De Lune\", but I'm having trouble switching from chord to chord. I use to take lessons for the piano about 6-7 years ago haha... but I teach myself songs on the piano. I usually can get the chords. but for some reason I can't on this one! Does anyone have any good exercises that could help me switch from chord to chord with more ease?? Please and thank you so much!:]
I just heard their new song, Your Love Is A Lie. Are They coming back? I hope so! I love Simple Plan. They've been gone for a while. Does Anyone know if they're coming back? I really want to know! Thanks!! Wow! 8 minutes up and already 6 answers! Thanks guys... I know, a lot of their fan base must've given up on them coming back.
From A+ to F  1. Nas 2. Jay-Z 3. GZA 4. Ghostface Killah 5. Rakim 6. Scarface 7. Ice Cube 8. Eminem 9. Big Daddy Kane 10. Andre 3000
Id thought id end up with you Du-du-du-dudu-duddie du Du-du-du-du-du-dadu  That litterally how it goes, its a very upbeat song and to me he sounds german or something because you cant really understand what hes saying untill at one point where he slows down,that when i hear \"I thought id end up with you ect.\" Does ANYONE know? THANK YOU<3 Im in LA,but i didnt know that, found the song though,took a long try but i found it,its: The Kooks - Always Where I Need To Be
I LOVE Roberto Cacciapaglia's music  a big big fan.  anywho, anyone know anywhere i can download his work from besides limewire?  more specificly the song Figlia Del Cielo.  thanks!@  Link to the song:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XP4uRXP-vNY&feature=related
You are delusional if you think the word \"N_gga\" is used as a term of endearment  50 cent - I'll pull a trigga on a n_gga leave a n_gga for sho  tupac - la la la la la all you n_ggas die  Dre Dre.- N_ggas like trippin so I just watch them hang  snoop dog - I'll never hesitate to put a n_gga on his back  Black people, are you insane?  Can't you see that you're using the word toward eachother in the EXACT same way the white racist do  the \"er\" doesn't mean a damn thing....You say \"trigga\" instead of \"trigger\" you say \"bigga\"  instead of \"bigger\"  They still have the same meanings..Why are you fighting for the right to disrespect yourselves? tonyclea, You call \"la la la la all you n_ggas die\"  saying they're your homeys?  You are one delusional indivisual
whats a good song to kinda describe like a romance that went bad and like the couple are still friends and like they want to go back out again, but they know it wouldnt be the best choice.
im writing a song and i want to add sumblimianl messages (e.g when u play it backwards it say sumtin scary) how can i do it???? plx help thxs
16 and under team. only faster rap such as heart of a champion by nelly. thanks
thats the kinda stuff i listen to thanks..!!
ok i have a pretty low voice i prolly can't read higher than a high a or b and im auditioning for the state fair idol contest. So i want a song sung by a artist like hilary duff or rhiana you know pop music teens listen to it doesn't have to have recentlycome out just be sung by a recent artist. so thanks for your time
Ohkay, I remember this song that I listened to with my big bro about 6-10 years ago. It is a single guy who sings it and it is quite catchy. The instrumentals of the song are played in commercials. \"bum bum! bum bum ba da da! bum bum! bum bum ba da ba! bum bum! bum bum ba da ba! bum! ba da bum!\" That's all I know of the song itself =/ Part of the video of the song shows a guy dancing with a white suit/hat on dancing in a white backdrop. The name \"Ray\" strikes a familair tone, but I'm not for certain. Also, in the the song, he shouts, \"Love potion number (five?)\" But, i'm not certain about that either...Someone PLEASE help. It will bring back the fondest of my childhood memories!
Do you think he's a good artist?...do you hate him cause he was on american idol?.....I like his music.
I dont know what i should buy or who to buy from i need some one who has exsperience to help me out plz.
its techno house song  it mosty says round and round but its not Danzel-you spin me round think its new...
Okay guys how do i play this scale?http://www.all-guitar-chords.com/guitar_scales.php?qqq=7&scch=C&scchnam=Major&get2=Get&t=0&choice=1  Thanks,   I thought that in a scale you generally had 2 to 3 notes per string? how would i play that really would appreiciate the help.  Thanks.
specially musics which are played by guitar
I am looking for the Lyrics to a cut song from The Pirate Queen called \"Because I am A wife.\" my friend and I have been looking but can't find them. can some one help? we aren't even sure that this is the title of the song, but it is right after the wedding.
im a very spontaneous kinda punkishvery out going person with a lot of haters lol i want a song thats fun cute and kinda says i dont care what you think im still gonna have fun  (any genre but death metal or really hard rock.)(punk rap r&b country are all fine) im a very spontaneous kinda punkishvery out going person with a lot of haters lol i want a song thats fun cute and kinda says i dont care what you think im still gonna have fun (any genre but death metal or really hard rock.)(punk rap r&b country are all fine)   please please include the artists names  thanks so much for the help i REALLy appreciate it i NEED this song. lol
what do these lyrics mean?   If timings everything stop telling me you're taking your time I know you're anxious But you're running your mouth like you're five Years old again It's so hard to pretend  Like I know everything I dont know anything I wanted you to see That I got nothin  I'll sit back and I'll watch the show I'll lay awake and I'll watch the stars as they collide  My eyes they do see I don't breathe the way I used to My lips they don't sing I won't be the way I was on that night  Steady breathing is all I can advise To a girl with a sweet tooth for revenge I know I'm crazy but it's so hard to pretend  Like I know everything I dont know anything I wanted you to see That I got nothin  I'll sit back and I'll watch the show I'll lay awake and I'll watch the stars as they collide  My eyes they do see I don't breathe the way I used to My lips they don't sing I won't be the way I was on that night  Was the night everbody agreed I was wrong about you I told them you were being so strong I knew you were a liar I knew you were a liar from the start (x2)  Don't treat me like I'm playing a game Cause baby I don't want to lose Baby I don't want to risk it all for you  My eyes they do see I don't breathe the way I used to My lips they don't sing I won't be the way I was on that night
The only line i know  is \" riding threw atlanta in a phamtom with the double doors\"
I can't seem to find out who the writter of the song 'Fly' sung by Celine Dion was and as she genrally does not write her songs I am very interested to know if she has done this one, I have heard that she may have wrote it for a little girl she knew who tragically died of cancer, Is this true?  Thank you in advance.
it that thing at the beginning of the saints of L.A.
i want to learn some of the songs this guy is playing watch the vedio all the way through and tell me what songs was he playing because ive heard them before i just dont know the names the one i like best is towards the end  http://youtube.com/watch?v=2vzStQp
http://youtube.com/watch?v=mXuxRWXisUQ  I'm not a big fan of Boys Like Girls but I love this song! CHEPIBE7... you have no heart!
What is the album called that has the song Check Yes Juliet on it. It's by We The Kings, I belive? Thanks so much!
call each other \"dun\"? I've heard it loadsa times in skits and stuff where they will refer to each other as \"dun\"...is this some sort of New York word?
what is your favorite song today!!! Any Song that is stuck in your head or have on repeat on your ipod??
Had a very long convo on what la best superband imaginable could be lol. Took so long i ended up missing la film i had planned to watch all week....time well spent tho rofl.  Personally id have to have: Flea (RHCP) - Bass (No1 else stands a chance lol) Matt Bellamy (Muse) - Singer Slash (Velvet Revolver) - Guitar Jack White (White Stripes) - Guitar Travis Barker (+44) - Drums   ***NOTE*** --- Only ONE person from any band --- They carn't be dead either (lol)
what is this song about exactly and who are they talking about i guess...?
souja- boy has no clue what he is doing, talking back to one of the biggest gangsters in the rap game . i dont think he really knows what he is doing
i want to put you to bed but i dont mean sleep  i just want to grab it the baddest girl u bad if u wanna diamond u gotta search the city PLEASE HELP!!! :) ITS NOT BED BY J HOLIDAY!
The chorus goes something like, \"I love the way you call me baby, and you take me that way I am.\"  I think it is a fairly new song.  I can't remember the rest of it or who sings it.  Please help!
Whats the song at the end of the movie Road Trip in the credits? I love that song!
the 1st one is about  pku and how she doesnt know anyone else who has it. and that she doesnt relate to anyone not even her family.not fully done. title:when you feel so alone   they got the news today on the first day of her life had to keep on living life like she just dont belong when you feel so alone like no one understands who she really is when you feel so alone  when you feel like you cant relate and you wanna know the truth is there gonna be a cure but they just dont know for sure when you feel so alone  the 2nd so is called Father to the 7th power(exponent)its kind of like 7 things by miley cryus but i changed the lyrics to fit better  your a drunk  your a bum you immature you love us but you love it more you never made me laugh only mad me cry but know its time to say bye-bye but the 7th thing i hate the most is that you only called when you wanted to when you  needed something not when we needed you but when you felt like playing a father
If so where and which act are you looking most forward to?
Kiss or Judas Priest I already know that everyone who answers will say JP. I thought of pitting Kiss against Rush since both albums were released in 1974 as was the JP debut.
I like writing songs and I wondered if there were any websites where you could send them your song and they tell you what they think or anything like that?
Hi! I've always liked the idea of singing, but never really entertained it. I actually have a natural gift with singing, but I don't really have a lot of time to do choir stuff at school or out of school because I participate in a job and sports. So I'd have to sing on m own. I don't know what I need to work on, so should I post videos on youtube and see what people say? Also, is it possible to sing too much?
Not counting people who have carried over from old school for example Nas, Jay-Z Rakim types. Keep it to newer artist like Lupe.  Honorable Mention - Freeway, Lupe and Young Jeezy 10. Lloyd Banks 9. Peedi Crakk 8. Styles P 7. T.I. 6. Kanye West 5.  The Game 4. Beanie Sigel 3. Jadakiss 2. Fabolous 1. Cassidy
There are so many songs about being bad or even the incarnation of the devil.. But are there songs which make fun of this attitude, point out the consequences or tell there are more important values?  Thanks
I was blasting Illmatic yesterday, and NY state of mind hits hard in the car! and TLC CDs of course! what CDs do you love to blast in your car?
I hear that they had some kind of beef going on or something like that.Is this true or just a rumor?if its true can someone tell me the story about what happened with them or give me a website that has the story
who sings the song what a feelin it goes like this.......what a feelin cant describe wanna hold you til the mornin light..... and wat is it called
can anyone give me a list of the 20 songs in the charts
I dOnT ThInK So  nice young talented boys. Do you think they like Jesus Juice?  im the KING of POP and theyr all my lil princes STAR if you think me and NICK make a great couple APC-hush, thats ignorant.i wouldnt do that stuff to my kids,just ask blanket.....where ever he is Dr Sarcastic- Beacause their are too many cops around who just dont understand me Emo Kid- If you take the \"I\" and \"Hate\" from your answer, you will know what I plan on doing today. Metal up your ass- Replace Metal with Jonas and I'm in heaven
wat is a website wer it tells the piano notes 2 phineas and ferb theme song.
Hey guys, i am getting a makeover in my room,  i am generally into 80's rock and Metal:  Metallica, megadeth, bon Jovi, Van Halen, Iron Maiden etc.....  So what 2 colour paint should i get in my room walls,  Thanks.  Please no black.
aiight im bout 2 be in color guard the people who flip flags and u need rhythm to be in it so my quest is can u learn to get rhythm
What is the meaning of the song Eleanor Rigby by The Beatles? I was listening to it and i dont seem to understand it.
didnt mean ghostwritten as written for them of course, rather what they have written for others  http://www.defsounds.com/rumors/Ghostwriters_exposed < this link has the songs/verses written by Jadakiss, Mase, Jay-z & The D.O.C.  http://www.defsounds.com/rumors/Ghostwriters_exposed_part_2 <Nas'  other people who were listed but i didnt mention were Neyo (cuz he's R&B), T.I. (because he had just 4-5 songs..all for Bow Wow), and a couple other people who mainly did R&B, or just hooks number 1-5 lol..i meant number the artists ghostwriten work  like  1.)jadakiss 2.)mase etc..^ just made a random order only focusin on the 5 in the question. Jadakiss, Nas, The D.O.C., Jay-z, & Mase Crypt is the only one who got what i was sayin
This has been bugging me for awhile.  The commercial in question has labels such as 'The Loner', 'The Drifter', 'The Comedian', 'The victim' and towards the end this really cool drum beat kicks up, and then it's joined with guitars.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YuJ64WsKmWc  That's the link for the commercial in question. Please, does anyone know the name of this song and who it's done by? I'm almost desperate to find out!
I Need Like A Trustable Website Or Something Like That! For A Band Or Help Put Together A Band! Please!
can anyone tell me the theme song to cold case?
dont answer if you hate emo
I want songs that are old and nice and memorable like: heart of glass by blondie I will survive by gloria gaynor hit the road jack by ray charles anything like that even if it were from the oldies  and thank you
I was just wondering, those two are my favorite bands
Okay, so I'm learning Debussy's Arabesque No. 1. However, I'm having A LOT of trouble on the many parts where you have triplets in the right hand and eighth notes in the left. I can't get the rhythm right! The timing is real hard. I'm trying to find demonstrations and such, but I can't find anything that helps. Can anyone tell me how those two notes go together at the same time like that, or maybe post a video link that explains it?  And please don't say I need a teacher, because that answer will be ignored because it doesn't answer my question.  Thanks, I hope I can get someone who plays the song or who has enough experience!
it goes a lil something like this..  \"baby with you every single day is brand new  and i aint going nowhere im staying right here thats the right idea...   i always want to be with you and i dont want to change you  i love every little thing you do and i dont want to change you i dont ever want to say goodbye and i dont want to change u\"  im off by the lyrics a lil.. but if you could help me thanks :)
Don't you sound much better standing up?  So why's everyone sit down ??????
http://apps.facebook.com/crazyfunpix/?previous_view=FB_VIEW_ALL_FUNWALL&detail=1&view=517617089&media_token=1gCPsJG2thOq9qmpI1EH6dOPuosTaRSNiot0R3x8iCDaKanb0fE44UQjdXni8946nOXvAVyrZXGL-WvKo_GKvGUcTajAqbijKXTKl8asoVps5ikPlDsfGe7IKukQvBgFOQqCvnaPE9LtGgocUhPVIR_1mc1tVviZ
Which show is your favourite, the one in Mexico City or in New Jersey? Mine is the one in New Jersey! And one last thing, what do you think of the new song, \"Untitled\" (or \"Stay\")? Oh sorry, it's a dvd by My Chemical Romance
Does anybody know his actual name? Or perhaps any other songs he sings?
Calling their clothing line \"The Great American Brand,\" Master P and his son Romeo plan on proving exactly that by making their clothes more available to families. The father and son duo have signed a deal to make the fairly priced line is targeted at teens available at Wal-Mart stores nationwide. \u201CThis is the makings of a great partnership with the number-one retailer in the world,\u201D said P & Romeo, continuing \u201CWal-Mart is making a lot of opportunities available to minority-owned companies that are ready to do business with a big corporation. Together we\u2019re making it cool to shop for clothes at Wal-Mart.\u201D       The line that already sells $9 dollar shirts and and $20 jeans, will launch a new women's line as part of the deal with Wal-Mart. \u201CWe use the same factories and the same materials as Sean John, Rocawear, and Ed Hardy,\u201D said Master P. \u201CThese are quality clothes you'd normally find at a department store like Macy's. Now you can pick up the same high-end fashion at an affordable price.\" A this does have somthing to do with RHH because it is part of the Hip-Hop industry(the fashion part/swagga).
my user name is fizzix92 send me freind invt
The cover was a drawing/animation of a sexy devilish girl licking a lollipop. They were more so a one-hit-wander in the mid to late 1990's.
I love the Pussycat Dolls song when I grow up who else loves it? When does there new CD come out?
One of my favorites is Pack Fm - 2006 Preview. Listen to it.
Need mostly rap
any bands similar to them like neils children and the horrors???
Too easy?  More Multiple Choices?  Or should I top asking questions...                                                                ...(and continue the trivia).
im plannin on buying an semi acoustic guitar can i play rock chords on it like rock songs??? i just need that high soounds like when u do a riff like the riff of knockin on heavens door and i need sounds of linkin park songs  rock chords to break glass lol can i use that as an electric
ex. http://www.ultimate-guitar.com/tabs/e/eva_cassidy/over_the_rainbow_tab.htm look at 3rd measure how do u play on fret 1 on 5th string while you have a capo on the 2nd fret?  maybe i don't quite understand the function of a capo? can someone please explain
What are the best strings for the electric guitar that is all around and allows you to play various types of music from blues to metal?
Any rappers you keep hearing are nice but you think they are garbage bcause of singles and junk? I am just realizing Rick Ross has some skills. I mean, he suprised me lol. I used to just fast forward Maybach Music. Jayo: What?
i want the backgrouind music of those green gentlemen because i made new lyrics for the song and want to make a music vid for it to put on youtube. where can i find the background music without brendon singing
i think they might be two different ones, but can you name any? my bad http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uoMiIRR8-WM&NR=1  i already got the line about the chronic thats from \"G'd up\" but wat about the beginning? and the rest of it?
Lynch Mob or Tuff Guns N' Roses or Twisted Sister Queensryche or April Wine W.A.S.P. or Motley Crue
the lyrics are, well some of them at least   \"out of sight, out of mind, get out of my head\"  its a dance tune i believe.  any ideas people?
You decide  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYK5zYtNafI Strangely enough...I met Robin Black before...*cringe*
This is the way you left me, I'm not pretending. No hope, no love, no glory, No Happy Ending. This is the way that we love, Like it's forever. Then live the rest of our life, But not together.  Wake up in the morning, stumble on my life Can't get no love without sacrifice If anything should happen, I guess I wish you well A little bit of heaven, but a little bit of hell  This is the hardest story that I've ever told No hope, or love, or glory Happy endings gone forever more I feel as if I feel as if I'm wastin' And I'm wastin' everyday  This is the way you left me, I'm not pretending. No hope, no love, no glory, No Happy Ending. This is the way that we love, Like it's forever. Then live the rest of our life, But not together.  2 o'clock in the morning, something's on my mind Can't get no rest; keep walkin' around If I pretend that nothin' ever went wrong, I can get to my sleep I can think that we just carried on  This is the hardest story that I've ever told No hope, or love, or glory remember song artist AND album
where they say u u aint NOTHING ?
I was sitting in math listening to my ipod a couple months ago and saw some math nerds (Asian and White) and thought to myself what type of music do nerds listen to. I'm pretty sure they don't listen to any popular stuff.
Song about man whose wife goes out with some girl friends and he's at home with the kids--with these lyrics: \"2 o'clock-no wife . . .\"; \"3 o'clock-no wife . . .\"; 4 o'clock, here she comes-draggin in, smellin like a liquor store,\" . . . and that's all I can remember--used to listen to it with my ex in LA.  Anyone know who the artist is and the title of this song or which \"album\" is it on?  Thanks for your help!!!
there this part in the movie where Keanu Reeves goes into a bar thats full of demons and there all loking at him and then song starts to play, its kinda rock/alternative type of song and I want to know whats the name of the song and who sings, thanks
I'm not certain about all these details... but...  Female artist... 'bouncy' tune... 'I hear you calling my name' is an important line in it (something like that, at least!) and also 'I know you're trying to...' Released a few years ago, I think! I heard it playing earlier in McDonald's and couldn't hear any other words, unfortunately :( It's none of those :(
Ok I don't know much about it, but I know that the same word(s) are repeated the whole time. It kind of sounds african, you can hear drums in the background. The song ends with the words \"That's it! \" and through out the song it sounds like he's saying \"GO..HEY!...GO GO GO GO \" (the \"hey\" part might be wrong, but they're deffinately saying \"GO\"   sorry that's all I know, but if ANYONE knows anything else about the song or the song itself PLEASE let me know!  Thanks!  (p.s I've tried google and yahoo and typed what I know in there but nothing good is coming up)
itunes says alternative what do u think? ok well there not my fav, but i like a few of there songs
I heard that Dashboard was coming out with a new CD this year. Can anyone confirm that?
Working __ to __ ?
i heard this song while  i was the in the us, in hollister. it was an emoish song i cant really remember the lyrics but it was something like, i dont need yiur love i just need to feel you, or feel your breath or something i know its kinda vague but if you know it thatd be great :) i tried googling it but i dont have enough lyrics i thought maybe someone on here might recognise it from what i have
its either by AC/DC nirvana, collective soul, guns' n roses. or something like that its either by AC/DC nirvana, collective soul, guns' n roses. or something like that. and its not ac/dc hells bells its also a slower song,
Can anyone tell me which all songs The Warren Brothers have wrote, or co wrote for other stars?  I know they were a part of \"Blank Sheet of Paper\" and \"I've got Friends that do\" for Tim McGraw, \"Lucky One\" for Faith Hill, and \"Anyway\" for Martina McBride? Any others?
i heard it on the real world but cant find it anywhere. can any one help? =)
pump it mickey by black eyed peas vs toni basil,  my friend like wants them mad bad and wont shut up until i find them lmaoo. help!
I've been trying to download the song but I can't find it. Theres to many other artists and songs that its not popping up. If I had the album name it would be much easier to find the song
All I can remember from the song is one line that said \"reds and blues and greens\", I THINK... It's a soft acoustic song, and I thiiiink it might be talking about a girl? I can't really remember. Does anyone know the name of this song and/or who it's by??
most neil young fans think he is the godfather of grunge   i personally dont think so   what do ye think ?
2 great debuts, and neither one suffered the sophomore jinx..so which albums you choosin  Food & Liquor vs. The Documentary  The Cool vs. The Doctors Advocate i'll take F&L & The Cool apak: lol...Im askin which one u think is better
Whats the song that you just cant get out of ur head? Just wondering? Thanks 4 answering -xx-
It's absolutely disturbing, it lacks everything a good song needs, and Katy Perry has a crush on Miley Cyrus. Really, why is she playing Warped Tour? Yes, Jamie B, I'm pretty sure thats it.
in my opinion either Papoose, Cyssero, or LOS got the best version.  Lil Mama kinda surprised me too lol  who do u think out of all the freestyles has the best version?
I know it's featuring Akon I think it goes like this You threat her right  something something applepie  and one part is like keep your mouth shut or something??? HELP PLEASE!!!!
its an indie rock song, all guys sing it, it starts out duh dum dum dum duh dum(note ends high) - pause- duh dum dum duh duh duh dum(note ends low), duh duh duh dum dum dum dum (note ends high) ... and i dont remember the rest. i dont know the lyrics  its definitely not guns n roses  and young folks
We already have a myspace, and we put videos up on youtube, but not many people are listening to our music. Is there any way to get more people to notice my band?
Does anyone know where I can get the words to the song \"Apologize\" ?  I like the one by One Republic (Timberland) version.  Thanks a mil.....
I heard it in school ages ago in an assembley and loved it and just remembered it.  It is spoken by a guy, and he speaks throughout the whole thing with a deep soothing voice. The message is positive and lyrics such as \"live everyday as if it were your last\" and \"smile\" are used. thanks if anyone can name it
Pick any musicians dead or alive in Metal, that would make the best Metal band!
service including:  adjusting truss rods to 9 gauge strings(i have a floyd rose bridge), intonation, lowest action possible, and install new neck humbuckers and mid single coil pickups.  Its a ibanez s470, this guitar is amazingly difficult to setup. especially the intonation. + my new rear humbuckers cant fit properly because of other pickup wires underneath it. its just a mess.
I was recently forced to go to my mothers and I want to make a tribute to my dad, I want a good song for it, and I miss him very much, and could you please put where I oculd download it for free?
This Artist says that eveybody talks about The California Quakes, but he could tell you about the first time he felt the earth shake???
I am trying to find a song and im wondering if there is a search engine that lets me search part the lyrics to find it... thanks
: )
I like him.
Does Anyone Know Any Good Relaxing Songs like  311 - Amber 311 - Love Song Rascal Flats - What Hurts The Most Coldplay - Sparks Coldplay - Don't Panic Imogen Heap - The Walk  stuff like that you know?
I'm looking around for an electric guitar and amp. Please help me.  I listen to maily horror punk, punk and hair metal.  Songs I'd like to play are like; Sick One - Trashlight Vision, Coma - Guns N' Roses, High N' Dry - Def Leppard, Vampira - the Misfits, My Demise - Wednesday 13, just stuff like that.  What would be a good guitar and amp to fit those styles of music?
I have recorded my singing live from a performance and put it on a website, and i wanted to sell it. My repertoire varied from Bach,Puccini, Catalani, Bizet etc-obviosly the composer are not with us anymore. My question :- -Can i sell it?am i allowed too? -Is it fall under public domain?( i tried reading it, but still lack of understanding in that) -how do i check if those songs are public domain or copyright or patented? -the law country-is it my country or the composer country -How does it effect if i sell it? - If i cant sell it, how can go with that to make my songs able to sell? serious answer pls thanks in advance
I heard this song on Jump Start a few days ago... there were 2 guys, one guy was either asian or hispanic and short, and the other guy was a nerdy looking white guy and he plays the piano.  I never catch the name of the group or the song, i dont really know any of the words but its something about \"you will have my heart\" or \"you have stolen my heart\".  I know its vague but im going crazy trying to figure it out!
i looked it up on iTunes and it said it doesn't exist.  is it a new album that it might not be on iTunes yet or is it the content of the album or something?  does anyone know how i could get that song on iTunes or do i just have to wait until the song comes along?
im puting music onto my phone and i cant decide between these songs..soo pick some that you think i should put on there. and if you want pick ones that you think would make good ringtones (=  She's Got the Rhythm by Summer Set Chuck Yes Juliet by We the Kings Do You Know by Enrique Iglesias Hey Juliet by LMNT Out of my League by Stephen Sparks Now Your Gone by Base Hunters This is Me by Demi Lovato Play My Music by Jonas Brothers Rockstar by Hannah Montanna Hello Beautiful by Jonas Brothers Fall For You by Secondhand Serenade One Step at a Time by Jordin Sparks Jamie All Over by Mayday Parade Say by John Mayer Everyone knows Everyone by Secret Handshake Summertime by New Kids on the Block Near to You by A Fine Frenzy
This Artist talks about a little ball of rhythm that can sure pop a rag??
I have recorded my singing live from a performance and put it on a website, and i wanted to sell it. My repertoire varied from Bach,Puccini, Catalani, Bizet etc-obviosly the composer are not with us anymore. My question :- -Can i sell it?am i allowed too? -Is it fall under public domain?( i tried reading it, but still lack of understanding in that) -how do i check if those songs are public domain or copyright or patented? -the law country-is it my country or the composer country -How does it effect if i sell it? - If i cant sell it, how can go with that to make my songs able to sell?  thanks in advance
http://youtube.com/watch?v=hjQ4A7VCYSc&feature=related  and why do they sound the same (like theyre style and swag. they seem really similar)
i cant get \"check yes juliet\" by we the king out, its too damn catchy
And do anyone still whistle? When i was a kid everyone bloke whistled a tune, when walking down the street. They sounded so happy Thanks Phil
Stuck in a moment that you can't get out of\" by U2  What is the name of the rhythm they use?
ok so when you go to sympatico.msn.ca and scroll down there's a link that says something abt 25 catchy songs that can't get outta your head  what are those 25 songs? You tell me the names and artist and get the 10 pts i know i'm weird
???????
Can you pleas list some sad metal songs preferably like these; in loving memory -alterbridge http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fewbzegmc... melancholy - iced earth http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgzmxucnx...  If you haven\u2019t hear those, i highly recommend listening to them and tell me your opinion !
here's some of the lyrics {{i think its the chorus}}:  please tell me, please tell me why......... my car is in the front yard and im sleeping with my clothes on,......came in through the window last night and your gone,........gone
can somebody post the piano tabs for Tevin Campbell's: \"Can We Talk\"  please.
Honestly, some of them sound like gorillas! Haha Not trying to be judgmental here but what is it that you like about it? Can you even hear the words they're saying?
http://www.piczo.com/juliestheoryy/mylife?cr=3 <-- what song is that on that very piczo page? i cant find it anywhere, thanks for the help. Awesome! Thanks Amaya!
This Artist was on the phone, trying to find the party that was trying to contact him??
Sarah McLachlen wrote the original verion of the song Elsewhere.  Bethany Joy Galeotti did a cover version for the show One Tree Hill. I'd like to know please, what the difference in meaning is for both of them because to me, o don't really understand the meaning of either of them but they seem to mean two different things.
here's some of the lyrics {{i think its the chorus:  please tell me, please tell me why my car is in the front yard an im sleeping with my clothes on, came in through the window last night and your gone, gone
genres: 80's, indie, rock, alternative no rap or anything ghetto!
does anyone know were to find them and give suggenstiosn what one and could u leavea  link if possibible?  thank youu jordan
i need help finding a ringback becuz i like too much music so help me with suggestions that are alternative (new or old) i need help picking a ringback/ringtone. i like alternative and rock. (new or old)
There is a music video that I believe Snoop Dogg made. It has him in the begining talking ebonics and with crazy gold teeth. Then it shows him really big walking around the city and I think people were living in his converse shoe. Does anyone know which one this is?
This Artist just wants to go home after dreaming about cottonfields??
Or what do you like that is new? I like all types of music and i want to try some new things also, so I wanted to know what you guys feel are good
on disturbed's CD \"the sickness\".  What does \"dropping plates\" mean.  It's 2nd to last song on there and I cannot figure what the fricken lyrics mean.
the closeness that i get from you is like the feeling of the first man that walked the moon and its so unreal but i suppose you dont have a clue  the city sleeps and so do you  but my god im wide awake and im watching you and its so surreal  but it feels so real
I play bass and I could use some REAL volume. I also have a subwoofer. Is there any way to make the whole neighborhood hear my sexy bass groovin'?
Example: Common. His music won't rot your brain.
This Artist claims this place is the prettiest town he's ever seen??
Jabbawockeez Song?
where exactly like in the middle or side and how does it go under the base drum and is cb drums a good brand
I heard it at Subway Radio (if that helps), and he has some lyrics \"another lonely day begins\" and ends with him repeating \"who'd you think I was?\". I don't think it's on any of his former albums. The guitar is strange and he repeats the same riff throughout. The words are not as clear as usual.
Has anyone heard of the song that I believe is titled \"of you\"? I think its Russian. I'd like to find the lyrics. Thanks!
http://youtube.com/watch?v=rc1Jo1sXSLA  what's the name and artist.
 looking for ...  house, reggaeton, hip hop, any old classic pop etc.
This Artist says he sold his farm to take his woman where she longed to be??
example:  Escape the Fate Linkin Park Iron Maiden Z(don't have one) Avenged Sevenfold, Atreyu,  Buckcherry Eminem(not a band) Taking Back Sunday HIM  I've done this before, last time it was interesting to see what bands people liked so Im doing it again.  Have fun with it!
i see on wiki. anyone gotta another source?
It seems that I'm the only intelligent person alive who likes the Jonas Brothers... yes I'm a guy, and yes I am straight. I saw them perform live on July 4th, and they were very good - amazing, really.  But it seems all of their fans are stupid teenage girls who dress like sluts, and type like morons.  And they don't seem to care about the music, either. At the live performance, there was a video on Nick having diabetes, and when he lifted his shirt to put the diabetes patch on, all the girls squealed. And then when he came out onstage to sing \"A Little Bit Longer\", the girls were just like \"We Love You, NICK!!!\" and \"OH MY GOD HE'S SO HOT\"....  It's very sad. And I get looked down on for being a fan, because all of the other fans are just stupid girls.  I was sort of wondering if there was anyone like me... a fan who's not all \"OMG teh Jonas brother!!!?? i luv themm!!!11!! nik is so hawt!!!1!?!\"  ... So, yeah. Just wondering. And I just wanted to add, it's not like they're the greatest band on earth, either. Some people may think that I would think that, because that's the way their other fans act.  I personally don't think that there can be one single greatest band ever, and if there was, the Jonas Brothers wouldn't be it.. at least not now, with the fans they have. And I also like Coldplay, Men Without Hats, The Go! Team, Jim Croce, Boston, Barenaked Ladies, Bryan Adams, Simple Plan, Phil Collins, and, yes, The Backstreet Boys.  I also have this same problem with the annoying Backstreet Boys fangirls. And Frank Sinatra.
Well i heard this song once, i dont know the name or band, but i know its goes on for a little bit, and when i heard it , it gave me a vision of knights fighting i think, or it might have been about that im not sure, i asked sum1 wat it was called ages ago but cant remember now. & For the people that are going to say Muse - Knights of Cydonia, its not that. The song gives you a sense ov victory aswell i think, but i cant really remember it, or any lyrics. But im desperate to find it coz i know that i loved it x help please? x It also reminds me of a gladiator on a horse x
The lyrics say he only has two choices when the sun goes down and the blues come around?
Dear Daddy, That\u2019s good advice I\u2019m sorry for what I did Next time I promise I\u2019ll think twice  And Mama I know you\u2019re mad I promise I\u2019ll try harder And make sure not to make you sad  And now I want to thank you For taking it the way you did And teaching me that lesson I\u2019m gonna try to make it up I\u2019m gonna win your trust back And I know This is the first step  And Shaya Thanks for telling I know that was the right choice And thank you for not rebelling  And Ryan You\u2019re also mad You have yet to talk to me But I still know that that was bad  And now I want to thank you For taking it the way you did And teaching me that lesson I\u2019m gonna try to make it up I\u2019m gonna win your trust back And I know This is the first step  This song is for everyone That might have been involved I\u2019m really ashamed of what I\u2019ve done I\u2019m gonna start being the real me The person that I Need to be Sooo (end of song...)  I want to thank you For taking it the way you did And teaching me that lesson I\u2019m gonna try to make it up I\u2019m gonna win your trust back And I know This is the first step  Yeah this is the first step The first step I asked again cause I canged them to make them rhyme. I'm just singing it to my family. I wrote it because I snuck out and no one in my family seems to realize that understand what I did and how wrong it really was. I'll work on the \"and\" thing.   I did have it another way. Those lyrics are here: http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Age3BREJxQbZyZ2bWWBKfT_sy6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20080705211101AAQfP0R  idk which are better though.
These Artists say they are gonna get on the ol' turnpike and go back where they came from after a road trip left them both \"flustered\"??
whats that indie song that starts out as duh duh dum dum dum dum at a fast tempo, and theres whistling in the background, i know its not much help but its driving me crazy, and then it does that in the beginning of the song then it goes to the regular song, its a guys band
I need some songs that have somethign to do with soilders/millitary/army any ideas
Could someone please tell me the name of these production songs and what production library these are from? Thanks for your help.  Song 1: http://www.filedropper.com/prodmusicid  Song 2: http://www.filedropper.com/prodmusicid2  These are WAV files, so open them with QuickTime.
who does the song with lyrics ''you are beautiful nomatter what they say ,words will bring me down,dont you bring me down today'' ? female artist   thanks benny x
does anyone have the file? i tried looking on google but it gives me the site with forums and i don't know how to dowload files from there.  If you don't have the piano sheet music then can anyone please tell me how you download from the forums?  site: soompi.com  it's a really good song and i want to learn it! please and thanks(:
I have the mp3 however I am trying to find what album the song was released on.  10 points to whoever can answer this for me.
Captain Fantastic and the Brown Dirt Cowboy
im lookin for some new or old Gothic Rock bands as im getting bored of the ones that i normally listen to. So Plz Help
on an absolutely fabulous special, there was a breif clip of debbie harry performing wheels on fire, does anyone have this in it's entirety?
I don't speak French so I may not have spelled the words correctly.  It seems like the song is from the 50's or 60's.  Many thanks for the help.
Mine:  The Ramones The Exploited Circle Jerks Suicidal Tendencies The Casualties The Unseen Strung Out Bikini Kill Black Flag Cro-Mag The Talking Heads The Screamers Dropkick Murphys and, of course, Street Dogs.  You?
were can i find it? they made his voice really high pitch n i dont know were i can find it on limewire
i also sing  Avril Lavigne Alanis Morisette Cranberries
I really DONT want to download any notes any sites were i dont have to
I'm looking for some good acoustic songs, or a good acoustic artist. I just really love the way a good voice sounds with only an acoustic guitar backing it up.  I'm up for listening to anyone that would relate to this, whether huge or underground artists.  Really cute acoustic love songs are always a plus.
How many \u201Cwatts of power are coming on strong\u201D according to the song by Neal McCoy entitled \u201CThey\u2019re Playin\u2019 Our Song\u201D?
He keeps saying he doesn't want her to forget him and he says how she wishes she would've never been with him and he just wishes she'll never forget him. Another line says something about \"remember when you'd be cookin dinner and id be on the couch watching sportscenter\" or something with sportscenter.
Does anyone know where I can find free sheet music for Nightswimming by R.E.M. and Hallelujah by Rufus Wainwright?
I think there is no point but i have been rudley corrected.
and who sang it first?
http://www.tv.com/tracking/viewer.html?sls_id=3533&ref_type=101&ref_id=58137&tag=updates;title;0
What does Randy sing are the \u201Ctruths\u201D in \u201Ctheir kind of songs\u201D according to the lyrics in the song \u201CA Few Ole Country Boys\u201D
Like, for example, Razzle's death or Randy Rhoads death, Steven Clark's alcoholism, ect
I would like to know the author or title for the song c-e-l-e-b-r-a-t-e it goes something like c e l e b r a t e letter by letter. It can be English or Japanese song. And can be connected to bleach, im not sure.  also in echo sing freeyaminless few times..  help me find this song goes like ce-la-b-r-a-t-e sounds like that.
Well I really love to sing and Im wondering how to get to get them to notice me. And how i could get into a recording studio and how I can get my songs recorded. And classes i could take for music/singing.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=76XH4KnrmmA  vs  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enTPV_wkKbA
What was the occasion that caused Willie to wear his very first tie in the song \u201CJim I Wore A Tie Today\u201D?
It went something like \"I wish I were a grumpy goat, I do, I do...cause if I were a grumpy goat I wouldn't have to wear a coat...I wish I were a grumpy goat, I do I do...\" And then he goes on to sing about other farm animals... Does this ring a bell for anyone? Please help!! :-)
The only part i kno is: \"baby the nights are cold without your arms to hold i need you by my side everyday,everynight & all the tyme you the dimple in my cheek & you make my knees go weak im lost w/o your love...\" whats the rest?
Think it might possibly be an extension of the song Glass... does anyone know if there was a hidden track on the E&A day album?
 He makes two promises.
I have a vague memory of watching a battle on tv which had classical music playing in the backround. There was singing, and I almost want to say had a melancholy element to it. It was mezmerising, any ideas what sort of music it is?
it goes like this i dont wanna be a murderer its by a girl
I like limewire but when i was using it and it asked me if i wanted to download thesong, I clicked no and always use this answer. I have deleted it from my coputer and redownloaded it but I still can't get music. Is there a solution or another place similar to limewire where I dont need a user name and its free?
I love their music, especially songs sung by Marty Sampson. My favorites are \"Now that you're near\" and \"Carry Me\". Now That You're Near: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FLMwkyfojTk  Hillsong - Carry Me: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T1kM46oO39U
I like The Documentary chorus  I'm \"ready to die\" without a \"reasonable doubt\" smoke \"chronic\" and hit it \"doggystyle\" before i got out until they sign my \"death certificate\" \"all eyez on me\" I'm still at it \"illmatic\" and that's \"The Documentary\"
Whats your favorite song of theirs???  mine- dashboard && float on   :)
i've been looking for this song for, like, forever, and i can't seem to find it anywhere. it's like a ghost song or something...i can only find ppl asking about it. one lead is sam roberts, but i haven't come up with anything useful..can anyone help me locate this great song?? the song goes something like this --  Summer, somewhere, you can feel the air. You can imagine the weather somewhere. Summer's hand fades, I'm just a french man. Regarde...the weather, somewhere I said again, respect my love.  It's a fate where you must feel.  Summer Some rain. You can feelummer, can feel the air. Imagine the weather somewhere. Can you see me smile. I'm not a girl.  You can even take me first. I said again, respect my love.  It's a thing where you must feel....  Once again, Respect my love.\"
In the song \u201CMexican Minutes\u201D by Brooks and Dunn when they are down to the worm in the bottle and the salsa and chips are gone, they come to an understanding why another artist sang a particular song about Mexico.    Who was the artist and what song was it?
I will be singing, and suddenly I will only be able to sing quietly, and my volume will be gone !  like someone turned down my volume lol  whats going on here?  help ? uhhh I'm just singing - no mic, no speakers  i mean MY volume
Around 1:30 in to this video there is a song which these guys dance to.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRbJCsPduDc  Which song is it?
What are the two question\u2019s that the customer\u2019s ask at the filling station on the interstate in the song \u201CSomeday\u201D by Steve Earle?
its by young jeezy and some one else but all i know is the begining...it goes something like young jeezy and your boy___ idk that last word but please do your best to help me its driving me crazy cus i cant figure it out!  please help!
Kara-She is 7-8 months old and i am 13 years older than her, she has black hair and blue eyes, and is the symbol of cute. God 'm practically her aunt! I am using All American girl for her becasue my uncle wanted a baby boy cause he already has 3 girls..  Lily-her name describes her, she has curly blond hair and is a little ballerina/gymnist/singer/actrwess. She's 3 and is ADORABLE I need a song 4 her..  Mickayla-shes 8 years old and has brown hair and eyes, she is a soccer girl/dancer/singer/actess/tenis/athletic girl... She is really shy and loves all of us soo much, she looks up to me i need a song for her too!  Logan- Logans our little cowboy! he was born in arkansas even though the rest of us are canadien he still fits in! he has blonde hair blue eyes and is 4-5 years old. He loves spiderman and other superheroes and loves to pretend fight. Need a song for him to:(  PLease help me this project is insanly important to me! ~Kali~
And if I did, would it effect the sound that comes out?
According to a song by Steve Earle; On the blue side of evening, when the darkness takes control; you start looking for a reason to take your lonesome to somewhere.  Where does he say you are taking your lonesome to?
I am visiting London, Uk soon and I am on the lookout for any shops selling music-merchandise like t-shirts. I'm searching for something rock/metal oriented, but i'll settle with anything really.
and also which website can i download it from
It's a punk song from the 80's ,the band is probably from California..
It's like r'n'b/garage whatever, and it's called 'What To Do' I've tried Limewire   help anyone if you know it? thanks x The song starts off with 'What to what to what to do' Nooo its not wiley
What occupations did the four band mates end up having when their group fell apart because of \"political incompatibility\" in the song that was written by Jack Clement and recorded by Johnny Cash called \u201CThe One On The Right Was On The Left\u201D?
Basicall anything that you can think of would be good...this is for a friend and I want them to be good, some sad and some okay...please anything welcome...thanks Well this isnt my music this is my friend..if its in this secton and you are looking in this section then hopeful you can tell me some good music or get your head out of your ass and dont answer(1st person)
Who is the girl at 1:41 [ON THIS VIDEO]? http://youtube.com/watch?v=0z1kSdk7y1A&feature=user I know for a fact it isn't Taylor Swift or Chelsie Staub from MinuteMen.
I want to know if there is ANY band out there that sounds like the who alot...for who fans...any bands you suggest?  Thanks, Please Star
He sounds like he is drunk when he raps also he is far from an educated rapper.  Just look at Nas and Az there vocabulary is way ahead of any other rapper but yet the American public seem to glorify these wack rappers who sound like they graduated from middle school?  Why dont we start respecting the \"clever\" rappers instead of the \"nonsense\" rappers.  Also right now in the game no one can mess with Jadakiss.  He is far more superior to any bullshi$ that is out right now.
Click on the link below: Be Real  http://www.myspace.com/kekeimhere
my french exchange partner loves muse. when i go over to her's, i'm meant to be bringing a present so i thought, a cd, as she's into music. i want to get her a cd she deffs won't have-an english band that someone who likes muse would like...any ideas??  thanks xxx   =]
What's your favorite new song off of Relient K's new cd \"The Bird and the Bee Sides?\"
examples: old: craig mack - flava in ya ear ice cube - today was a good day blackalicious - make you feel that way master p - bourbons and cadillacs   New: t.i. - no matter what...thats all i can think of thats newer
aight if the smily face shoked u, then good. anyways yall i really like this song. herd it on the radio twice and it was on mtv cribs when it was showin his crib. it goes like \" so sick of love songs...so why cant i turn off the radio, why cant i turn off the radio\" i could even sing it perfectly but im not Ne-Yo so wat is it thanks.
Which metal genre do you like better?  All I have to say is, as much as I like Power Metal, I am getting blown away by some of the great Progressive Metal bands from this decade.    I mean, bands like Isis, Between The Buried and Me, The Human Abstract, and Gorija have had some outstanding album releases during this decade.  I think that Prog Metal itself is keeping metal alive and well.  So what is your choice?
its reagge dancehall style
lol I needed to make it into a question,  so I dont get a violation..RHH regs, if you dont mind, add me...  but..What was the last album you bought?...And what  was the last album you downloaded? I couldve just ask my real question then put I was suspened lol,  oh well!!
they dont have to be about summer or have the word \"summer\" in them. any pop or dance songs, even from the 80s or 90s would be good.
I don't have any pets myself, and I'm curious to know. How do your pets react to music?  Do they seem to enjoy/dislike a particular style of music?
http://www.coginsmaltese.com/CoginsMalteseNursery.htm
Iv googled it butall that came up  was a girl called kim but I the song im looking for has a mans voice and its a dance song and the only lryics I can remember from it are :  If i cant have you,I dont want nobody baby
and can we get back stage passes?? and where do we at least get the tickets  and is there a certain age you have to be to go to the house of blues?
I think Havoc is underrated as a producer and Prodigy is underrated as a rapper.  What do you think? Peedi to make that statement then say you only have a few songs makes you sound like an idiot, plus you're a little late, it's not \"Peedi Crakk\" it's \"Peedi Peedi\"
 mix it all up... mix it all up\"..... bout thee lime in the coconut.... the new one.... WHO IS IT BY AND WAT Is THE REAL NAME OF IT :) thanks
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hYnz0U2RCDs I was waiting for the first person to say something about the vocals...the vocals are fine. He's not trying to be a whiney screamo vocalist. Apocalyptica at Ozzfest...hahaha
ok i really wanted to download the song pina colada boy by baby alice......and i cant use limewire so i was wondering if any of you knew where i can download pina colada boy online for free.........also i want the original not the candy crew remix or and other remix......please guys i really want this song so someone please help.....best answer for the link and also my appriciation...... sure travisjr954 that would really help me a lot......if you can please download it and e mail it to me
I have been looking for this song forever and finally decided to ask for help.  It starts off with the THX \"deep note\" sound like what the play in the movies and then it says \"turn it up, turn it up, up, up, up, up, excuse me were taking over. excuse me, let me through please. yo, yo, baby,baby. get on the floor..\" i think its by DJ Alex but i cannot find this song anywhere i used to listen to it a few years ago. but i cannot find it ANYWHERE please help! thanks!
I know this has been asked several times before. It's just for fun.  State as many or as little as you wish (:
Does anyone know what bands are supporting the killers in dublin on the 21st august??
Do you good folk listen to Oldies on Radio? Do you good folk out there remember any of these oldies:   Weegie From The Figi Isles Charlie My Boy Slippin' Around Johnson Rag The Thing Zana, Zana, Zana Quicksilver Mockenbird Hill I Get Ideas Jambalai Dear John
I feel like some new songs, name some you like : )
I want to work with Pharrell Williams / Neptunes / N.E.R.D as an Assistant or Office Manager. Does anybody know how or where I can start? I have plenty of office experience. Thank you for your time
what is the song played on the trailer of the movie \"sleepwalking\"  thanks!
Can anyone tell me if Weezer is going on tour, and when they are going to announce where they are going on tour? Yeah i checked the site before i asked the question i was just wondering if anyone knew if they were to annouce it son sorry i meant soon not son
yeah is there a scale aside from the penatonic that I could use to do this?
ok..so me n my boyfriend of 5 years just broke up (im 20) so i basically went through my whole adolescense with him...i broke it off with him but he kind of agreed that we needed to because we fight all the time n it just isnt the same..but its still the hardest thing ive ever gone through n i think its because he was my best friend during those times too..the only one I could tell anything to..even over my family (my parents went through a nasty divorce 3 yrs ago and him n his family were the ones there for me)..n i did the stupid thing n kind of let all my other friends go because he was the best one i had anyway..so it makes it that much worse that hes the person i would normally cry to if i had a problem..i sort of want him back as my best friend but i dont think i could stand seein him w/ another girl eventually..have any advice on how i should start to move on cuz its looking like i cant..and do you know any good songs that would match this and maybe help me get through this
I'm looking for more bachata songs with this type of beat to dance to http://youtube.com/watch?v=NBqRBT01uwQ   I know some songs, but I know there are wayyyy more, does anyone else that sound kind of similar to this?  I don't want any that are realllly slow, just good ones to dance to, thanks ;) lol nah, that's bachata and the song is by a dominican group named aventura, they're showing stuff from the war and iraq because it's a song about a soldier going off to war.
I wanted to buy the album but i wanted to make 100%sure that i do not waste my money on that.
Does anyone have the Norwegian lyrics to this song? All I could find online were English translations (that don't work well with the music/phrasing at all), or piano score without words. And I really want to sing it.
well i got no more space but here are the lyrics wiith spaces... if i could fly away, i'd keep you locked inside my heart and i'd throw away the key, and in hand we'll always be, when are love sets you free, it keep you here with me, if i could fly away, i'd fly away
It is the band Ace of Base I saw the sign.    This is all i know I saw the signs  it opened my eyes  i saw the signs please dont paste URL's or website names. please just copy and paste the lyrics
Hey, I got a guitar for my birthday and was wondering what the easiest way to learn how to play was.   I dont want to pay for lessons so something online for free
Theres a Christian song; I've heard it onthe radio a bunch.   I LOVE IT....  but i cant find it on Google or the life of me..I'm usually pretty good at that.. haha.   But if any one knows let me know.   It goes something like;   What kind of king would step down from his thrown; And into a world not of his own.  And what kind of king would send his own son for me! ................ ............... What kind of king would lay down his life for me?  Only one did that for me.   (i know im off on the words allot, havent heard it in a while..)  let me know if you have any ideas.. or know the group!!   thanksss :)
My hands tend to sweat too much when Im playing so my strings give up in about three weeks...so you might tell me how the keep them for longer or what make of strings are stainless..thanks
alot of the good artists from the uk are slept upon and dont get the recognition they deserve, but what do you think about the artists that you have heard of??
ok, I have $4 left from my previous iTunes gift card, but I want to pay for a song with my mom's credit card without using the money from the $4 from the gift card because My bro and I share the account. Can I do this? How?
Sadgasm is the band Homer starts in The Simpsons.  I listen to Nirvana, but I want to know some other bands that sound like Sadgasm.
There are 2 middle age men who are singing and then one is sitting on the chair and other is holding umbrella underneath him. Two of them or one of them wearing glasses (but they aren't Pet shop boys). The song is from 2000 through 2004 years. Music video is a kind of humorical because there are some joke scene and stuff. The group of two men used to sing long time ago but then they stop, this music video brought them back to their career.  also it's a pop kind of rock song.
I joined July 5, at about 4:45 pm. They are in my address book, and I still don't have anything, not in my inbox, spam, or trash. I have tried changing my email, but that doesn't work either. Does anyone know hwy they won't send me y activation link? BY THE WAY..it has been over 18 hours since I joined. it's free to join. I tried using yahoo and cox. thats all i have though. PLEASE DON'T COME HERE AND BE rUDE.
I remember this old song, possibly called Car 63 or 23 about a taxi driver who was sent to pick up the girl who left him. I remember the lyrics went something like 'Controller have mercy on me I don't want to do the pick up at No.83, the girl of my dreams left me all alone and No.83 is where she made her home'  Can anyone give me the correct title and artist please? Thank you. Oh brilliant. Have found it online. Thank you SO much :-D
Does anybody know this British music video????? A young cute guy singing this song, he has blue eyes and black hair. The music video begins when he enters western town and there he met a beautiful brown eyed girl with long hair. Suddenly tornado comes and wipes his car out, he saves a girl from the tornado by pushing her. Then in the other part he sings the song for her in concert.  I remember some lyrics, it sounds like this: everytime I pray for you, you already know I pray for you You are the only in my life, I would give everything only to be with you. This song is a pop song.
I'm sorry I'm so vague but I don't really remember the lyrics, but do remember that it's a great song.
My Chemical Romance going to go back to the style they had during *I Brought You My Bullets* after their break? I heard that they'll be doing this somewhere and I need someone to confirm it so I can be happy XD because The Black Parade is getting stale
I listen to Kamelot and Dream Theater a lot. I'm not sure if their genre is rock opera but anyway, that's the type of songs I'm talking about, rock with melody and symphonic orchestra. Do you have any artists to suggest ?
It goes da da di du da, da di du da da di du da da di du da,  da daaa techno song called?  its not that be my lover song.  in the video theres these three rings going round in circles.  and the song has no words in it. Just music!
A young cute guy singing this song, he has blue eyes and black hair. The music video begins when he enters western town and there he met a beautiful brown eyed girl with long hair. Suddenly tornado comes and wipes his car out, he saves a girl from the tornado by pushing her. Then in the other part he sings the song for her in concert.  I remember some lyrics, it sounds like this: everytime I pray for you, you already know I pray for you You are the only in my life, I would give everything only to be with you. By the way this song is pop song.
Glastonbury? Reading? V festival? etc...
Who knows the 94.5 instant win word?
It's scary, I know, but some people don't like Sabbath(WTF?)
I was interested in the music video for the song \"Why must I be the thief\" from the band \"CAN.\"
Not old old school, but like...I liked do or die and old twista. Not JUST them but music from back then. AND Some newer stuff that doesn't suck. I'm not so much a fan of what comes on the radio. Some one give me some ideas please! Also, I like the laid back beats and slower songs like....That T.I. - no matter what beat...and do or die ALWAYS had laid back beats.
Does anyone know what the title of the song used in the NBC 2008 olympic commercial? It sounds like Daughtry or David cook, I'm not really sure..it mentions something like \"we're gonna sacrifice\" or something like that. Thanks
I want to work with Pharrell Williams / Neptunes / N.E.R.D as an Assistant or Office Manager. Does anybody know how or where I can start? I have plenty of office experience. Thank you for your time.
Hey everyone, I'm putting a rap/hip-hop CD together for my brother, and I was wondering what some of your favorite songs were.  I'm looking more for current music, but old classics are fine too. Thanks
I've never really been old rock but I've gotten into their Master of Puppets album. Recommend me stuff similar to this?
Help me! I have a song stuck in my head and i dont know what the name is! I know part of the lyrics i think i knoe its abou tan girl in an assylum its like \"And your jsut a puppet in the games that they play\" And i know kidsig performed it in there last it's not master of puppets by metalica a girl sings it.. my kidsing leader called it rehabilitation but then the other leader said it was something else....i fogert what it was though
I want to work with Pharrel Williams / Neptunes / N.E.R.D as an Assistant or Office Manager. Does anybody know how or where I can start? I have plenty of office experience. Thank you for your time.
Hey, a buddie gave me a mixtape with a song I've never heard before, by Chammilionaire...it goes like this...  'jealousy in your eyes...envy in your eyes...the label thats on the rise..chammilitary man! you can love me or hate me but i'm still gonna get my money, envy an' jealousy is all I see...I can see the hate in your eyes'   what is the title and what album is it from?
My favorite band is linkin park, but I have all of their songs.Are there any other good bands (songs?) that are kinda like them?
hey. i've just started playing guitar and i haven't taken lessons yet, but i will.  as of right now i need every opinion i can get. when i play the guitar it seems that i have to bend my wrist almost as far back as it can go. but i see people that barely flex their wrist at all.  is it because my muscles aren't used to that position and they will (in time) or is it i need to extend my fingers more and learn to curl them more or what? i know that i could suffer from wrist problems if i make a habit of playing wrong for a long time and i'm trying to avoid this.    if anyone has an answer i'd be grateful.  if you can show me or if you know a website i'd be content too. thanks
can anybody help me......sometimes i get rappers block and i cant think of anything else to write about.......can you give me at least 15 of the best subjects so i can get back on track
could you list bands that sound like , the spill canvas, dead poetic
it's a rock song, and i been listening on the radio lately, but i don't know the name, this is part of the lirycs:  i'm so ugly, i better go wihtout you, you better go without me........
Does anyone know where I can download Ejucation Volume 23 from? And any of the albums released later? Because I have got Volume 22 and 18 on my phone but I can't find the new ones :(  Help Please
Please bear in mind that I am in Canada, and this commercial may only be exclusive to Canada and/or the US only.  The commercial features an executive-type woman marching along with with lackeys behind her. The shot is from her shoulders, up. She stumbles down out of camera range, then reappears, with a kind of look, like nothing happens. There is a piece of classical music, which I believe ran in a chocolate commercial back in the late 80's, early 90's. It's kind of a pomp and circumstance piece, but I don't think it is Pomp and Circumstance. Please help. :D The only Finesse commercials I found on YouTube are quite old. This commercial's only started airing for about a month, but I have been looking through YouTube just in case someone does upload it.
Need new music =P Fankooo [: xx
it goes like baila he baila ha baila haha or something like that, not sure but its 3 guys not in english kinda lika a dance or techno beat
If so, could you please post a link. It's an interesting hobby.
I heard it on the radio, but it was a remake. and i forgot how it went but they were making fun of it! it was like douch somthing on handlebars? idk, but who the hell sings it?
Hey, a buddie gave me a mixtape with a song I've never heard before, by Chammilionaire...it goes like this...  'jealousy in your eyes...envy in your eyes...the label thats on the rise..chammilitary man! you can love me or hate me but i'm still gonna get my money, envy an' jealousy is all I see...I can see the hate in your eyes' what is the title and what album is it from?
can someone help me find the lyrics to i do love you by mister one? it was originally recorded by billy stewart but was remade my mister one.can someone help me find the lyrics to it please?the genre is lowrider oldies.thanx
all rap feuds with the lastest ones like 50cent and t.i. with alot of info about them
Can someone please explain it to me? All I get is that she misses her old boyfriend, and cant stop thinking about him when she's with her new one. But whats with the blood? Is she trying to hurt herself cos she blames herself for losing him? And what is the other girl about? Is that his new girlfriend??  Ah Im so confused. So yeah basically anything would help!
Touch me touch me  i want to feel your body your heart beat next to mine touch me touch me touch me now   the begining of the song has a unique sounds.
I need new songs for my I-pod
I'm painting a mural for my church and i'm going to me the only one there so i thought music would be good, do you have any songs you like to paint to, or something like that?
He says \"Then I'm cool\" or Then I'm good\" and in the background there's always \"aha\".  Any ideas? Thanks.
Anyone going on holidays here?? Spain 31st for me! :) :)
I'm going to a concert on August 2nd and I have tickets for the lawn. Should I bring a sign or would that be pointless? thanks :]
Hey I would like to get any suggestions on a song that is somewhat advanced on guitar and singable at the same time. I am a tenor.  Thanks for opinions
I've been competing in fiddle contests since I was tiny and want more and more music, but can't find ANYTHING. We've looked on the computer for hours at a time trying to find county old time fiddle tunes that are really challenging, but it's just crazy. We just can't find anything at all. :(  I'm at the level of beating my teacher and we can't find anything harder than what I already have. Please... If you know of any really hard old time fiddle tunes and have music for them, I'm listening!!!!!!!!  Thanks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm still thinking of one for Progressive Rock.   Anyway, which would you choose for YOUR favorite genre?
It was in the tomb raider movie, any help would be mucho appreciated.
I've just started taking voice lessons and I don't think my teacher is very good so I'm trying to practice on my own and I would appreciate any constructive criticism or comments. If you don't know the song then you may think some of the parts sound weird, so maybe listen to it on youtube first. But this is my first time singing it, so how does it sound?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx74GGhWjU8 I'm going to go by Tera's advice so far because I can tell she actually knows the song, or has at least listened to it. To you other people, do you even know the song or even rock music period? Please do before you answer, thanks.
I really want to download the Happy Days theme song (season 3 onwards) but can't find it online. Can u help, please? so how do use itunes? don't u need an ipod or something?
as I can see it:   WV - red-neck   Midwest - hillbilly
Ok, I'm not sure if these are metalcore, so I don't need your opinion on what bands you think are good. Tell me bands that you think I might like, if I listen to these bands: Atreyu, Bullet For My Valentine, Avenged Sevenfold, As I Lay Dying, All That Remains, Bury Your Dead, and Killswitch Engage.
It can't be more than 10 years old.  It has kids in it(all different ethnicities). A women or a man is singing.  The lyrics  aresomething like, there are 2,545 ways to do something or the other.  That is not the number, but there is defenitely a number in the chorus.  Looks like they might be in San Fransisco. Please help, I love that song!!!!! Thats the one, thanks! It's Seasons of Love, not Katie Delua!lol
I'm going to the one August 6, 2008 in baltimore! and i have section 3 row C as my seats. But i heard theres going to be a cat walk...are they going to mainly be on the cat walk!? buz then my seats arent that great right?! please someone help me thankyou!!
There's a song where a student can't decide between UT Austin and Texas A&M.. One parent is pulling for UT and the other A&M.  He finally decides to go to SWT.  The singer is a male........that's all I've got.  I heard it on a country radio station a few years ago.
Well im a really good singer and all and i do choir and things like that but im too young to do American Idol and i dont know what to do i mean its my dream to become a singer and i hope i do but what should i dooo.xoxo
All the nightclubs in my town advertise it, but.....what is it ??
ok i just found out a problem with my singing i sing with my throat and not my diaphragm,wich is what im suposed to be doing   how do i switch?
what bands or singers would you include to make your own concert?  It's a fantasy lineup so it can be ANY band or singer living or dead, broken up and returning for a reunite. You can have as many bands as you want like your own Woodstock or Lollapalooza, or just a regular concert that has like 2 or 3 bands as the opening act and then the main band.  I actually put together my fantasy concert CD for this year that has a compilation of bands:  Muse Bright Eyes Snow Patrol Sufjan Stevens Devotchka Kings of Convenience Cake Keane Death Cab for Cutie Raconteurs Oysterhead(Les Claypool's other band besides Primus) Gomez Radiohead Wilco Portishead Tool  not sure what to call a concert like that though but that would be my lineup for the year's fantasy concert for me
im looking for bands like \"bullet for my vallentine\" or \"atreyu\" so please put down all the bands you know. thx  =)
There is some sites but most of the photos are like each other and there is not any mixed photos.
Or any bands that play Celtic/Folk rock
i need the name of a song with rolling on ecstasy in the chorus
Here is the song!!  I love this song now!! Its really pure and true!!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rceGCofHX7U&feature=related  Its by Paula deanda I love her!!! It about a girl who loves her BF and thinks she is doing too much for him like texting him so much but he doesn't return her calls or her texts! So she trys and forgets about him but its something thats hard to do!
Ok, here's a toughie. Who can tell me who sings the golden egg's clue in Harry Potter and the Triwizard Tournament? My sister and I have a bet so I need to find out who sings it. Anyone know? I've been searching the internet and can find nothing.  If you want a challenge, here it is....Unless, that is, I'm just sufficiently incompetent in finding things on the internet. Either way, lol, I need some help with this one. Thanks! :)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xa6mrFSvds0   watch this video and skip it to   1:40  (where the too dudes are chasing each other)   be soo good if you cud tell me the name of this..  cheers
It starts out YEAH BOOOOOY and then something something something flavalicious....its on a Dr. Pepper commercial-anyone know what I'm talkin about???  I'm assumin its by flava flav or public enemy....
i have started playing acoustic guitar and i want to learn the song \"skin\" - by alexz johnson can anyone show me a site that shows the notes to play  and also the strumming pattern thanks to anyone who can help :) peace x
 Wanted: this is not about Jessica Simpson, but about all the \"singers\" who can't make it anymore in their genre and invade country music now.
 look up Somebody's baby, and march.
Can someone let me know if the New York band The Strokes are Jewish!? Are the band members Jewish?
it has a sick violin track hip hop style the lyrics are in the question in quotes i can't seem to find the name of this song, can you help me?
Ok...So how do you get into the dress rehearsal at a jonas brothers concert????
I've heard it at the gym but can't make out any of the words.  It's by a band, it's upbeat, has a punk sound and the chorus has a lot of \"La-la's\" in it.  This is kind of how that section breaks down:  La-la la la-la la la la  La-la la la-la la la la  La-la la la-la la la la  La-la la la-la la la la  They do that twice - once in the middle of the song and once in the end.  The La's with a dash are sung closer together than those without a dash and they bring harmony in on the second two lines of La's.   I know it's a shot in the dark, but does anyone know the song I'm talking about?
For rock/metal bands.. like Lamb of God or Shinedown or Machine Head, or any bands like that.. I need a decent photo gallery for one & I can't find any, that's why I'm looking.
I am a solo singer/songwriter and I need something to name my new CD. My style is pop target audience is pre-teens ages like 8-20ish
I heard its cold out but, her popsicle melts. Shes in the bathroom, she pleasures herself. She says im a bad man. Shes locking me out its cuz of these things. Its cuz of these things.\"  Thats all i remember I hope its enough...thanks
Yea For The One Who Know Me I Got Banned With My Last Account (Guess To Much Rick Rolling lol) Yea Well Im Back And Hopefully Wont Get Banned This Time Around.  MQ- Does Anyone Like This Band  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HlPepwSWtts
The beginning of the song starts out with a mad scientist feel... kinda a slow song and a guy with a creepy voice talking... I d/l'd it ages ago and have lost it since then and CAN'T find it again! Anyone that can help? It's not Paradise. It's a less popular song or at least a more obscure one. The mad scientist part may be at the end of the song maybe. All I remember is that it has this scary quality to it but it sounds very old fashioned. Crackly audio and old Frankenstein-ish feel to it. Man I wish I could figure it out. Found it! Monster Inside! Thanks though for the help!
can someone tell me the rap that yubin sings in tell me?
This song is a Christain song....... I just need the notes! CLEAN THIS HOUSE  UNLOCK ALL THE DOORS THESE ROOMS SHOULD BE OPEN TO YOU THIS HOUSE WAS BUILT FOR YOUR DWELLING DWELL IN THIS HOUSE IT'S FOR YOU CLEAN THIS HOUSE ON THE INSIDE CLEAN THIS HOUSE ON THE INSIDE SANCTIFY THIS HOUSE ON THE INSIDE CONSECRATE THIS HOUSE ON THE INSIDE UNLOCK ALL THE DOORS THESE ROOMS SHOULD BE OPEN TO YOU THIS HOUSE WAS BUILT FOR YOUR DWELLING  DWELL IN THIS HOUSE IT'S FOR YOU IT'S FOR YOU IT'S FOR YOU IT'S FOR YOU IT'S FOR YOU DWELL IN MY HOUSE IT'S FOR YOU  COME ON IN AND SIT RIGHT DOWN  DWELL IN THIS HOUSE IT'S FOR YOU DWELL IN THIS HOUSE   ALL OVER WASH ME ALL OVER ALL OVER  WASH ME ALL OVER IT'S A HOUSE OF PRAYER IT'S A HOUSE OF LOVE IT'S A HOUSE OF PRAISE IT'S A HOUSE WHERE YOU DWELL
i need a song that is not completely obvious, but where you like somebody but they do not like you the same way... please help...  ps... is it weird to maybe be in love w/ somebody you have never met... just seen pictures of... idk what is wrong w/ me...
I was browsing through the iTunes store today, and I noticed that the song \"Ghetto\" wasn't on the album, but it was included in many reviews and there was a separate video for it.  I researched it online and found that it was supposed to be on the album.  So what happened to it? No, it's not the bonus track version. What's a re-release?  Do you mean that it was like a limited edition, and after a while they stopped selling it? It's not pirated.  I haven't bought it, but the previews show it without that song.  And why would they not allow the word \"Ghetto\" on iTunes.  They allow things much worse than \"Ghetto\".
Can you teach yourself to scream ? Or is it something that comes naturally in singing to some and will hurt your voice if you do it when its not natural ?
oh and are the other songs from the movie (Enchanted) also available??? thank you!!
Hello, I have been singing since primary school (17 now) and i have been recently noticing that when i sing a song i will have to clear my throat or otherwise i go all croaky. This happens like 5 times during a normal length song. What can i do to stop my voice going croaky??? I have an audition for a choir soon and i would like to get it sorted out. p.s I dont smoke
I love violin very much and I have completed playing advanced lessons within a  year.My master says that I am a violin genius.I always wanted to buy a very good violin which is rich in tone..Right now i have a $130 violin  Is it true that expensive violins sound well I am not a rich person but I wanna know the best violin that would be suitable for me. How much money should I spend to get a beautiful violin
it goes, \"well its just like the ocean, under the moon, and its the...\"  what's it called?  =I another part is, \"give me your heart, make it real hard to forget about it...\"
haha anyone have any? ive got System of a down and Rage against the Machine?  any more?
It has to be for DTE in Michigan though. But I'll even take some from Ohio. PLEASEE.
 IN THE UK.......
Sorry if I'm wrong about the name of the video and details...  For some reason I remember it being the intro to the REH instructional video...where is the beginning piece from (or name of work) that is played very slow and has some root tones as follows:  (I'm sure these notes are a half step high but work with me here to make it simple)    starts hammer on to high B.....a few notes and Eb.......C.....bunch of notes to F#..........E...few notes to C.........a fast run D.....few notes to B........bunch of notes C......etc anyway if you have any clue what I'm talking about.....YOU RULE!!!  Thanks all!!!
I dont know the name, and know very little about it, but I know the genre is electro house.  It was played this summer (recently) in a club I was at full of Russians and the place absolutely lost it!  All i can remember from the song was the words.... \"oooh lucky lucky\" i believe... could have been \"oooh likey likey\" but i doubt it.  PLEASE, ANYONE... help me find this song.
so many songs.  Howie Day - collide  Finger eleven - one thing  Edwin McCain's \"I'll Be\"  Brad Paisley and Allison Krauss' \"Whiskey Lullaby\"  Beth Neilson Chapman's \"Say Goodnight, Not Goodbye\"  Israel Kamakawiwo'ole' \"Somewhere Over the Rainbow\"  Journey's \"Lights\"
Don't you think it would be awesome if Brooks and Dunn, George Strait, Alan Jackson, Tim McGraw and Garth Brooks got together to make an album or do a special on tv, or soemthin? WHAT? How do you NOT know who they are????
Patrick Stump? Some Other Guy?
Theres a song they play at my work all the time, and i dont know what its called or who its by. Its a punk song and it the chorus it has some word i dont understand and then, \"We never run, we never run!\" also theres a slow part after the intro with repeated 3 snare drum hits! let me know if you know it!!! no, its more pop-punk, blink 182, sum 41, cartel, mayday parade ish
I miss my ex like crazy!
If you made a CD including songs like Miley \u00C7yrus's, what would you call it? I DON'T MEAN EXACTLY LIKE MILEY CYRUS'S just in that same style of pop, cool, clean and teen because I'm not a huge Miley fan either
http://youtube.com/watch?v=y2OavLPpPVw&feature=related  how would u rate this band on a fruity scale. (thats the only word I can use to describe this band) The music is catchy and interesting The Polyphonic Spree, haha ive seen them on tv years ago. The world they live in is much different than mine, they are so happy lol, like the band I posted
 Nevermind!  I figured it out... it is Dangerous by the Ying Yang twins!
ok what si the name of this song it goes  i`m unsual i came into a strange world. try to learn about give or take   or something like that. just wondering what the name of that song is. i heard it on the radeo and i really want to now what it is called.
In the song \"Just Dance\" by Lady Gaga featuring Colby O'Donis, what does Akon have to do with it? In the beginning of the song Colby O'Donis says \"Konvict\" just like Akon says in all of his songs, and Colby O'Donis also says, \"The way you twirlin' up those hips ROUND AND ROUND\" and he says \"Round and round\" the exact same way Akon says it in the song \"Hypnotized\" by Plies featuring Akon. Also there is an appearance of Akon in the music video to Just Dance. Do you know why Colby O'Donis is stealing all of Akon's things?
Noone new past 2006 can be included on your list and I say past 2006 to prevent dumb stuff from being added like soujah boy, etc...and also excluding Pac and Biggie also...Emcees have to still be breathing to qualify (but RIP to them like Big L, Big Pun)   here is mine  1. Nas 2. Rakim 3. Guru from Gangstarr 4. MC Juice 5. Eminem
I heard a song in Macy's...it said something like \"i walk around in a daze\" or it could've been haze. but it was a pop-punk/rock song. and the singer was a male :) any ideas?
it goes    i got this feelin tonight that somethings happening right ive got a sense that things are unpredictable
There is this song on charlie's Angels: Full Throttle and it starts off 'Lets do this' When Natalie (Cameron Diaz) Jumps on the fake bull. Does anybody know it?
Hi =D Well, I'm making a whole list of songs that I want to play on guitar, and I'm stuck. What songs are fun to play? Intermediate level and up? Dave \"The Man\"- \"Paint it Black\" is by the Rolling Stones (if we're talking about the same song)  And all the people suggesting Stairway to Heaven- I agree it's a very fun song to play, but I already know all the parts (including the solo).
I heard a song in Macy's...it said something like \"i walk around in a daze\" or it could've been haze. but it was a pop-punk/rock song. The singer was a male. Any ideas? Edit:: It's not 'Daze' by Anouk. It was more like Boys Like Girls/Yellowcard/All Time Low kind of style.
since returning from turkey from club execislor my daughter has sung this song all she can remeber is lalalal boggie woggie it was played at the kiddies disco and the kids put out their tounges and used their elbows and kids covered their faces i hope someone can help i think it was spanish  song
in other words in the movie hes gettin massage by a dude but he didnt kno that but like a song on the radio came up and he started singin it but like wats the name of the song??
Can someone help me figure out this peice of music by ear?  http://rapidshare.com/files/127648291/12153462855345216.wav.html  thanks
What do you think of him. (beyond dangerous) He has already put out an album and did a song on Jazzy Jeff's most recent album. And do you consider him a crap rapper?  I would not consider him a crap rapper and his first album was decent but he could have done better on the Jeff song.
besides just music,also clothing,ideology,attitudes;etc?
okay so my moms b-day is coming up and there was this song she loved way back then and no one can remember it and so I cant do anything ... so hear is all I know about it... The last word in the title of the song is ryapacidy (or something like that) and Richard clayderman played it.... it is Classical  music...  any help is loved!! And its not Rhapsody in Blue Richard clayderman played it but it was not one of his songs..
I want to take some sort of dance class in the school year, and jazz seems interesting, but I don't know if I'll like it or not. What do they teach you? BTW I have no experience either, and I'm 11. HELP!!
I first heard it in 2000, but i think its from 99. it has no vocals except for \"everybody\" and i think \"red alert\". it has what sounds like a violin. starts of kinda soft then progresses into the violin where its faster. ive been looking for this song for 2 years now, but its too elusive =/
It displays the names of similar artists on a black screen. They kind of move around until they find the right place, where artists that are closer together are more similar and farther apart are less similar. I think it was called music map but i looked it up and it was something different. thanks. i already know about pandora & i love it. music-map.com was it =]
tear drops mean u killed someone...originated by ms-13 i believe some gangs use this as a sign as how many people that person has killed... so they get respect  but lil wayne has them tatted on his face but in one of his older songs i think it was like neck of the woods or something....he says \"ive never killed anyone i promise you\" so whats up with that? i dont think many people know what that means, hell he might even not know what it means  btw im not saying its good...killing people is bad...i just noticed that in one of his videos ic well idk thats not what they mean around here i know alot of latin kings and bloods and shit...when they shoot someone or whatever they get it tatted on there face....so yeah never knew it meant that...
There's a song that goes something like cock sucking fist fucking etc and it is sung by a man and thats all I know.  Could anyone PLEASE tell me who sung it and what its called   Thanks It was kind of in a growly voice  I dont know much else really
I have been watching HSN recently, and they have been showing alot of Esteban, I especially like the fireworks one. I was just wondering if anyone has his guitars and if they enjoy them. I would also like to know, if it's as great as they say on t.v.  please and thank you another question is, do u recommend an Esteban guitar for a beginner?? i am getting the fireworks guitar, and i am wondering if anyone has it and if so how does it sound?
plz give me akon's newest singles and the source
http://phonezoo.com/curtdigg-sexy-girl-vocals___zXK2pyMf-NQ0dk5xztFAAA___Ringtone.htm
I need some new music. NO rap or r& b. No Country. I like a variety of things. On my walkman now i have, a little of everything. Elton John, Foo Fighters, Radiohead, Cat Powers, Otis Redding, The Drifters, Marvin Gaye...you name the Genre i probably have it on here. Give me some of your Ideas. I don't care for death metal either.
scale 1-10.  i swear its different than the other song.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxJenKRcWlE&feature=related shh. its a secret. its a joke dude. it was a pretty good fake slipknot video. thats why i put it up. get over it psyco or whatever it is. its slipknot. same lead singer but different band.
the song is confusing can some1 explain wat is this song about Lollll
Who sings the jazz version of Michael Jackson's \"I Cant Help It\". It's a female artist and it's not Maysa. Does anyone kno who this artist is?
I would say Jon Foreman, or Dave Ghrol.
I've just started voice lessons, and I kinda think my teacher isn't very good, she's kinda making it worse. I've heard just because you can sing doesn't mean you can teach it. So anyways, I'm trying to practice on my own but I don't really know what I'm doing so I wanted some constructive criticism. This is me singing Fully Alive by Fly Leaf, this is my first time attempting to sing this.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IoybaUYmTCY Now that's ridiculous I know it's not horrible, so if you're not going to be helpful please don't bother answering.
who is your favortie country singer and why??  thanks
First off, shout outs to Ant for this thread concept  From favourite to least favourite.  My list:  K.O.S. (Determination) Respiration Thieves In The Night Brown Skin Lady Astronomy (8th Light) Definition Twice Inna Lifetime Hater Players Children's Story RE: DEFinition B Boys Will B Boys  I didn't include the Intro or 'Yo Yeah'  Remember, in order of your FAVOURITES, not the BEST
The song has a guy rapping and a girl singing. It's pretty famous but i don't know the name of it. Some of the lyrics are: Boy you think you know me but you have no idea idea (Girl), Gotta Respect Me Being A Gangster (These weren't the exact words i don't really remember them but the guy rapped these)
When I talk, it sounds the same as my head voice, and I have always heard that belting should be the same way you talk - in your chest voice.  Well, I can sing songs quite loudlky [think defying gravity by idina menzel] but it just sounds slightly higher than her voice does.  Am I belting right, because when I try to sing in my chest voice, it sounds like I'm shouting - no vibrato, and very ugly.  To sum it all up, how do I belt?
im losing track of time but its still moving by....it just seem so hard to leave its suppose to be the easiest thing. i dont know where to go but i know this. i cant stay here no more i got to leave. ive been searching finding me a way out of here...\"
 Touch it Mega Remix about 9mins
i want it please or one that is only with guitar i wanna know how to play it and it will help me
*if you have nothing nice, leave me alone, thanks*  How do i get her b side downloads? I can't find them on itunes (and i searched song titles too...).  I have the album let go, but the last song on it is naked =/ (and i loaded it on my comp, just to check)  what gives?  and, is it legle to use limewire since you CAN'T buy it?  thanks Music > Country  hm, wtf?? happy colored marbles: My understanding is that if it can be PURCHACED somewhere, if you download it [and don't pay the artist, which is stuipd they're rich], it's stealing it. I think the only way to get thoes is to either have a special addtion cd [cant find that] or download it   Confused: yupyup that's it xD. didn't realize why is a bside tho, it's so pretty
I LOVE System Of A Down but I like less heavy stuff too like Cage the Elephant, Guns N Roses, Red Hot Chilli Peppers.  Does anyone know any bands that are like SOAD but don't take themselves too seriously like most metal bands? Especially ones with weird lyrics... :)
After downloading it and paying for it, I find that Ares Ultra is a big disappointment.  Getting a song is very slow. Finding an artiste is no better. Even when a song is found, connecting takes an age. What is your experience? Is there any way to make Ares Ultra work faster and better?
Is there a website that gives you suggestions of music from different age groups etc. I just need a website that will give me a list of good artist or good songs.? Thanks in advance
I have a new iPod and I can only think of 169 songs!  I like all music except for heavy metal!  Please include song names not just bands!  I'm thirteen so it has to be GOOD MUSIC! Thanks In Advance~
I mean, I like this style, it seems like some sort of french chill out music, but I wouldn't know where to start looking. I know nothing about that type of music, please help! pandora does not work in the UK so thats out... :(
There was this song in this commercial one time that went something like lik   (2X)Put a smile on your face make the world taste better  SO watcha gunna do so watcha gunna do   Anybody know it cuz im stumped???
I'm kinda into these songs recently,  smack my bitch up - prodigy breathe - prodigy block rockin beat- chemical brother  Any similar song of the same genre?
ok  some lyrics of some songs i dont understand heres a list of parts of songs i dont get :  \"the stove is creeping up his spine again. cant get enough trash.\" panic at the disco; mad as rabbits  \"choris romance says goodnight\" flyleaf; idk what song  \"nine in the afternoon\" patd;nine in the afternoon  \"the piano knows something i dont know\" patd; the piano knows something idont know  the song \" im so sick\" by flyleaf  and the song \"perfect\" by flyleaf  and are there any other panic at the disco songs you can explain to me? cuz i no them all by heart but idk there meanings  thatnk you!! :)
I just like that band alot, and i like that type of rock like with they guy's voice somewhat high pitched but still sings super good... yeah if you could tell me a band similar I would truly appreciate it  Thanks ;)
Not online but at a store ?  I live in Stockton, Ca if it helps
Which of the 2 is your favourite? and say why?
I've been wondering for a while if Carnival Ride, Carrie Underwood's newest album, will outsell Some Hearts, her debut album... And I want other ppl's opinion to see what they think about this... However, whether CR outsells SH or not, I believe Carrie will remain one of the best artists there is today!! GO CARRIE UNDERWOOD <3
My brother and I have put a list of songs together using female names.  We need a songs for N, O, and  Z  can someone help?
i only know a part of it and i thought the song was called open your eyes but theres about 1000 different open your eyesso could you please tell me the artist also? \"open your eyes, just open your eyes and see that life is beatiful\" and then i think its something like \"swear on your life that no one will be at my funeral\" sorry i only know a little bit of it
Rock musicians over the decades seem to have gained a reputation for shocking people [particularly the older generations].  Elvis Presley's hip action shocked the audiences in his time, GG Allin ate his own feces, had fights, performed naked etc. on stage, early Marilyn Manson certainly shocked people with their lyrical content and appearance.  But so much has happened in the world of Rock you would think people couldn't be shocked anymore.  So the question I pose is this; what /could/ Rock musicians do to shock people/the older generation now, if anything?   Bonus; Share an incident regarding a Rock musician that you found particularly shocking. [I'll have to think about this one, I'm not easily shocked...] **musicians, rather.
I need very slow love songs or songs about death. Songs like 'Who am I to say' and 'We're in heaven'  Thanks :) Thanks everyone but i need songs that have slow beats and stay slow throughout. Soft female voices too. Not alot of lyrics.
There is this song on K104 that I really wanna put on my i pod and its like a spanish song with some english rap I think its a remix of the song but if anyone knows please tell me. Thank you.
friends want to know haha
Which of these two bands do you like the best?
The name of it is: \"it's Alright.\" It's an R&B song from the late 90's (1998 or so). The chorus says: \"it's alright how ya do me, I'm a fool 4 letting u use me. It's ok if ya wanna play around, spreading my love all over town. It's alright how ya lied 2 me, why you trying 2 break up our family. You know it's a crying shame, why you keep playing silly love games.\" it's NOT donnell jones
I never see his name mentioned in this section, so i thought i would bring it up.
What are their best songs?
Hey you guys do you know any websites where you can freely print out 'This is Me' by Demi Lovato? If you have the time if you can find 'Burnin' Up' by the Jonas Brothers,  thx
i want the music that shacks u, makes u rock and roll, dance your hips..i listen to music but i want to make full CDs just for dancing party in what ever type....  i'll appreciate if u give me the song title with artist to ease my search!!!!
The beginning acoustic guitar riff
Which one did like the best?
i have a link to my friends myspace pleaase dont leave her sexist stuff or hack her or anything but i cant find this remix to rihanna's \"take a bow\" i love this version but cant find the right remix help?    http://profile.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=user.viewprofile&friendid=227599540&MyToken=d3d90f1b-83cf-4368-a6e9-18c171b931ed
alright... its kinda old like it diddnt come out in the past 2 years for sure i think um i know some lyrics but im not sure if theyre right and it kinda sounds like evanesence  here are the lyrics i think i know (theyre not at the begginning of the song): these wounds wont seem to heal this pain is just too real its just too much that time cannot erase  thats all i know thank you!! lol
what do you like more,old school or new school????
what key is the song Alive in.  And where could I find information about other songs to see what key they are in?
So I just bought a violin, and was extremely excited to start playing. The thing is I can't, because all the strings except A are so loose! What is up with that? If I bought it brand new shouldn't it already be tuned? I'm kind of afriad to tune it myself at this point because I don't know much about the violin and I would hate to mess it up somehow.  Are the strings loose simply because they are not tightened and tuned right? Or is there something wrong with the violin itself?  Also.. While I'm here I might as well ask how to apply rosin correctly, how much, how often, etc...
says 'spaz' spontaneousley allot its not NERD
fahad azam?....if so...why is he doing CHICANO rap if he is pakistani?..so..is he mexican or pakistani..and if he ISNT mexican...y is he doing chicano rap?
I was in a store and heard the lyrics \"you had your vaccinations, I had no reservations\" or something like \"I had my vaccinations, you had no reservations\", and another song by this same band about scary monsters finding you or being behind you or something..The band that sang it wasn't a serious band, but was a more humorous band..I can't find the band or the lyrics anywhere! Help please D:
u know like arcangel  de la ghetto  jowell y randy?????????
The lyrics go something like, \"there is a lie, in your eye\". Anyone can help me out here? Can't seem to find it on the net and it's killing me!
Em C, Em G, Em C G D, C asus4, C A,Em C G D C A, Em C G A Em C G A,C
so, is there someone who knows the  russian song oci carnie?
Can someone please find the chords or something to the song with me by sum 41... PLEASE!?!?!?
Hey, first off, please don't just reply to hate or whatever, I want some help with screaming, I'm only just starting, what should I do to practice, what other techniques do I need to learn, can you recommend any good tutorials, and mostly, how am I doing so far?  http://uk.youtube.com/watch?v=LYRN_B_5UIY  Thankss x
someone told me hank williams had more then 1 kid, i was told he had a daughter, whats her name? and did he have anymore?. i know he died young, like 29, so how many kids did him and audry have?, i heard 2.
like i think i've heard the ohs in the background. i'm not sure why but i thought of futbol (soccer) when i first heard it. if you're curious to hear it download of frm limewire, or buy the album, or i could e-mail it 2 you or something. like i think i know i've heard it somewheres. plz help.
Which of these 2 bands do you like the best?
First correct answer is obviously an automatic best answer
In the song, He is sitting in his trailer looking at his Frankenstien tickets.
Preferrably somewhat current and play either the guitar or violin.
hey i just got a gretsch bass and it has a little chip on it, almost like the paint chipped off to reveal a little wood underneath. whats a good way to fix this so it doesnt get anyworse? i was thinking of taking a sharpie (everything is black) filling it in, then dapping a little glue to stop any future chipping.
hi, i just a Gretsch bass and it has one pickup, a solid piece of metal, and when i pluck or slap the strings their \"imprint\" is being left on it, in the form of scratches. is this normal? anything to be worried about?
well i like bands like we the kings and other pop rock bands but i necessarally dont want we the kings as my song help me out ?
i saw a commercial a few years ago that advertised this great voice coach software.  you sang into a microphone and it measured what your range was and helped you with pitch and tune.  it had on-screen charts that showed you what your true range was and how to expand it, as well as when you went out of range/out of tune.  does anyone know what the name of this software is?  it's not the American Idol thing, that much i know for certain.  thanks!
im 15 btw and some of the guys are in their 20's! lol
The song is by B.I.G, All i know is it has the same instrumental of Gwen Stephani's \"luxurious\". Help me please. D:
Can you give me some recommendations? Looking to make a fun, fast-paced workout mix for my ipod,Thanks.
I am singing in my school assembly soon but I have no idea what I should sing. It should be something a piano can accompany! I'd like quite a sweet song, with a good range of notes and some powerful notes!  Any ideas would be very helpful! Thankyou so much!  xx I'm from Manchester, in the UK! xx
Heyyah! Im a 13 yr old with a strong singing voice and my parents are getting married. I dont know what to get them so I want to sing in their Reception! They are having a live band (MY DADS FRIENDS!!) It has to be a slowish song. I have a low voice but sometimes i can sing high (rarely) Does anyone have any suggestions? I WAS THINKING THE ROSE BY WESTLIFE??  X
paul wall is my choice and without amy competition. he got great hair and cool facial hair. awsome tats and so much ice.
1. What is rap lyric mean? 2. How to make a good rap lyric? 3. Give me a sample of rap lyric made by you! (Explain your lyric!) 4. How to make a good beat in rap? 5. What is the best rap beat making software or something to make beats? 6. Who're 5 of your most favorite rapper? Why?
i just started playing guitar and i want to play some songs with the chords i have learned.  G, D,C  is there any songs that are recent so that i can recognize the song? links are apreciated :]
Whats a good ringtone ? I'm looking for something like the \"Party starter\"by Will smith....one with a tune like that.  or what ringtone do you have ? any good ones ? lol please tell  me some and quick.    thanks :D APC only u gave me a song good for ringtone  thanks you have the 10 points   peace
they are my favorite band in the world. since im retarded, i cnt figure out how to answer questions. sooooo im gunna answer this 1 for you guys now. &+ for the people that feel the same way bout paramore....im sorry.  they are breaking up. well not technichally. they will not be making anymore new music. they announced this at bamboozle 2008. trust me, i know. i was there. they said they will still be touring for the fans. but will not be making anymore new albums. sorry guys. im heart broken too =[ =[ =[
I've been singing and performing for years. I play the piano, write and record my own songs. I dreeeeaaamm of becoming a singer one day. People have told me to go on X factor but I just don't think I want to start a career off of a reality show right now.(aged 17) So I'm considering putting songs on youtube but having checked it out, there are MILLIONS of people doing that same thing! I know people have been signed from youtube andI would love to get the comments but do you think it is worth it?
Ive tried listening to Cannibal Corpse but that doesn't help, any suggestions?
I would greatly appreciate any and all help you guys can provide, I am looking for something to set an ambient mood. Thanks!
 something ''sceney''
I can't find it anywhere. Does anyone know where I can find it?
The clip shows up in episode 7 of \"Secret Diary of a Call Girl.\"  The partial lyrics are  Your love sets me free I feel high I never knew I had it in me With you by my side, I can beathe easy
Can someone help me get  AM Conspiracy- Welt  on projectplaylist.com. I cant find it. just give me the link
I know Mark Wills sang the country song \"It Was 19something\". Now please point me to the video & song so I can post both on myspace. Pardon my computer illiteracy and thank you in advance!
Okay so on Billboard it's: -\"Lollipop\" by Lil Wayne feat. Static Major  Then there's: -feat. Kanye West [Remix] (which is the most 'popular' on iTunes) -feat. Static Major and Kanye West [Remix] then there's -\"Lollipop\" by Lil Wayne.  Which one is the one that we've all been hearing?
'closer' by Ne-Yo, 'no air' by Chris Brown and Jordin Sparks, 'Forever' by Chris Brown i used to hate the song 'closer' but now i love it. its so catchy
Can anyone tell me the name of the song that has the lyrics \"so open your fucking ears and listen to my words\"
it goes like tiene pelo largo cuerpo  como artista
I was wondering if someone could tell me the name of a  song and who sings it? I thought it was Ozzy because it sounds just like him but couldnt find it. The sond has a sort of slow tempo lots of bass and the chorus is just \" OH YEAH Nope Im a big Ozzy and BS fan it is definitely not war pigs
I don't remember the lyrics.  The only thing i can remember is that at the end of each phrase there were 3 downward consecutive note in the base.  It was in the same kind of genre as breakable by ingrid michaelson.  It is probably sung by a guy but i might be wrong.  Im not sure if anyone can help me but any suggestions would be good;
I LIKE g unit MUSIC BUT I HATE IT WHEN tHEy TRY TO COPY boy bands. don't u ?
http://allhiphop.com/stories/multimedia__video/archive/2008/06/29/20242054.aspx  Dude looks like he dropped 50 pounds.  Check out the porcelain veneers, lmao !
I mean...I heard so much about them on here. People saying there great and unique (yes someone actually said that) I decided to check them out and they sounded like every other teenie bopper pop rock band...Why are they so popular?
Continue the sentence for each  1. Are we as the consumers the biggest \"killer\" of hip hop?  2. Does Ghostface Killah really sound like hes about to cry in all of his songs?  3. Is Dre on juice?
I'm talking about how LL was 15 when he spit his first verse and then grew up in the game.  What if someone new came on the scene at age 45. Would their age matter? I meant I'm not talking about LL or artists like him. Left out the word \"Not\" whoops!
please can some one tell me how to play a B chord and a Bm chord on the guitar please  thankyou
Does anyone know any good music? sort of like Sarah Bareilles? billie Piper? I'm not a chav so definatly dont want any of that sort of music or any RnB. any suggestions?
ok how do i get better at singing ?
just came back and was wondering on a night in entertainment  they always played pretty much the same songs and just wondering what songs they were, found the shantel one but ne1 know any others???? thanks
i wanna dwnload latest English/hindi n Punjabi songs....as i really like 'em all...can u ppl here plz help in dat.???
its most likely some kind of german techno song and its pretty slowish until the guy counts down and says lizah (sp?) then it gets upbeat...
So about a year and a half ago me and some friends started up a band(more of a rap group) and i wanted to know what u think of our music both as a band and as individuals. thanks and no bullshit andswers please  heres the link to our band's myspace that has some of our songs on it  http://www.myspace.com/bhko ok and i have no udea about what u guys mean about our page looking like stain shit, thats the punisher(comic book guy), and how about talking about the music not the page(this is a response to the first three answers)
1.i need a song about a girl who had a crush on a guy  2. a daddy daughter song  3. two teenagers in love  4. mom and daughter song   please help me! Thanks for the daddy daughter song like it needs to be like the daughter kinda of saying the stuff about her dad or something like that
i was just reading a bit about blackie lawless and tried to find old footage of him before wasp.   he's done the rounds over the years; new york dolls, sister and london both with nikki sixx, and circus circus.  managed to find these gems on youtube. the first one's hilarious- it's basically 'cries in the night'  but the chorus is \"i'm leaving school!\" ha ha! circus circus- http://youtube.com/watch?v=GoQo5lxcmPY&feature=related  and this second one from sister was re- done on 'the crimson idol'- (just the song)... http://youtube.com/watch?v=EiR4Uk9vJ_Y  it's weird hearing these prototype tunes!   do you know of any other similar footage knocking about on the web? photo's?  more... http://youtube.com/watch?v=hKam1jbHD0I&feature=related cheers guys!   nice one darth... funny you should mention john sykes... i'm listening to blue murder!  http://youtube.com/watch?v=6IPn_-NIAck
Just listened to the song A&E by Goldfrapp and I'm pretty sure i'v heard it off an advert or something.. can anyone tell me which advert??  Ty!
;D mine;; 1.remembering sunday-all time low 2.one of those nights-the cab 3.pas de cheval-panic at the disco 4.that's what you get-paramore 5.shake it-metro station 6.mad as rabbits-panic at the disco 7.kiss my sass-cobra starship 8.she's a handsome woman-panic at the disco 9.we're so starving-panic at the disco 10.sos-jonas brothers 11.that's just the way we roll-jonas brothers 12.prostitution is the world's oldest profession, and i dear madame, am a professional-cobra starship 13.that green gentleman [things have changed]-panic at the disco 14.nine in the afternoon-panic at the disco 15.when i get home, you're so dead-mayday parade 16.northern downpur-panic at the disco 17.as you cry-the hush sound 18.i have friends in holy spaces-panic at the disco 19.season-the academy is... 20.classifieds-the academy is... 21.the city is at war-cobra starship 22.when the day met the night-panic at the disco 23.dear maria, count me in-all time low 24.of all the gin joints in the world-fall out boy 25.we've got a big mess on our hands-the academy is...   ;D
Hi, im doing a presentation on abortions...yeah i no lol i need like some really scary music to play softly in the background it shouldnt have words because i need to speak as well...i dont mind classical  i was trying to find a heart beat but they ont have many long videos of those on youtube thanks!
without listening to Hip Hop?
does anyone have the setlist for cute is what we aim for's tour?  i've asked this question twice before, and no answers were really helpful. :|  if you have it, i'd like the setlists for powerspace danger radio and cute   plzzz. D:
here would be the setlist  1. sad but true 2. fade to black 3. fight fire with fire 4. turn the page 5. seek and destroy 6. blackened 7. ride the lightning 8. its electric 9. hit the lights 10. enter sandman 11. nothing else matters 12. the thing that should not be 13. dyers eve 14. fuel 15. bleeding me 16. master of puppets  17. frantic 18. the memory remains 19. and justice for all 20. shortest straw 21. through the never 22. orion 23. whiplash 24. the struggle within 25. the god that failed 26. eye of the beholder 27. damage inc. 28. for whom the bell tolls 29. creeping death 30. battery 31. one 32. leper messiah 33. disposable heroes. 34. guitar battle vs. kirk 35. st. anger 36. no leaf clover 37. some kind of monster 38. motorbreath 39. of wolf and man 40. wherever i may roam   and for the finale  the four horsemen    so what do ya think?
elton john or neil diamond  better metal voice: james hetfield , david colverdale or sammy hagar  kurt cobain: icon or overrated ( i personally have never understood what the hype. one hit wonder in my book)  better song from a film that bombed: who made who (ac / dc maximum overdrive) or cradle of love (billy idol advent. of ford fairlane)  disco: still love it or still makes me wretch  led zeppelin or rolling stones   phil collins: better with genesis or solo  better pure singing voice: elvis or frank sinatra  which song makes you want to vomit more: love shack by the B-52's or kung fu fighting by carl douglas (personally love shack gets the nod by a mile)  http://youtube.com/watch?v=Zub7o3MguEg  http://youtube.com/watch?v=T8NhJNpQlsY  have you ever owned and eight track tape: yes or no  (what crap)  BONUS #1: as you have gotten older has your music taste: stayed the same, changed slightly, or changed dramatically  BONUS #2: rate the state of rock today: 1 to 10 ten the  best
i'm trying to find some new songs that are really good. you could also recommend a band or a singer that not that many people have heard of them. i listen to every type of music but country. when you recommend a song, please say the name of the song and who it's by. thanx!
Okay, so i got an acoustic guitar a couple days ago from my grandma. It's falling apart, and  it's about 70 years old (not kidding). I have convinced my mom to pay for half an electric guitar, and i don't know which one to get. I have a price limit of $500, what is a good quality guitar? I was thinking about a daisy guitar, but  i heard that they aren't good. What guitar should i get?
I'm stuck between \"Fate Of Norns\" and \"With Oden On Our Side.\"
i love that song!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUtYP52Ijvc  And look at all the great bands on the show.  I would have liked to be there.  How about you?
Nas did it...it sounds phat. I want to hear more similar to that.
She isn't really singing the song, more like she's reading a letter.  I would really appreciate the help and thank you.
they use it alot on TV but all the words I know are let me tell u bout my best friend.
need help with lyrics every1 plz help evan if its a little plz share need help!!!!!
talking about rappers with obvious talent that have never cut a studio album where 95% of the tracks were dope.    This can be due to  terrible beat choices or just  godawful hooks.  If not for Soul on Ice, Ras Kass would fit in this category.  btw   this doesn't extend to rappers who have yet to put out a formal album at all, I.E. Wale meth ???   i though Tical was a good album   the rest of his albums were average or mediocre   but it aint his fault
I'm looking for a song that says something about \"staring down the barrel of a 45\" and something like \"sifting through the pages of another life\".  Can anyone help?  Serios answers only!  Thanx!
thankss
It goes \"our love is a life, and so it begins, foolishly laying our hearts on the table, stumbling in\" It's a rather old song
whats the best playlist you have whilst being on the road? :)
Lucy in the sky with diamonds, by the beadles im hooked on that song ;D beatles****(damn spell checker)
 heard all about the wombats, you should check out the rascals though, very few other new bands i can think of this year
Sawan Ka Mahina - Milan  I simply love this song. I feel my heart dancing with love everytime i listen to this song.
i only started hearing it a few weeks away. sounds really high pitched (like a girl or young michael jackson- sounds generated). the words in the chorus that i can remember are .. like  blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah \"Be L.A.\"  fast paced, catchy, this is killing me!!! YES!!!!!! american boy by estelle!!!! thank you!!!
 nothing obvious please. I have children, believe me I do not leave the house without babywipes.
what is the name of the song that they play at the end of the movie Commando starring Arnold Shwartzinager O_o (i know i spelled his name wrong.) Through out most of the song the guy is singing \"Somewhere, somehow, someone\". What is the name of this song?
one of the lines where like .... so close yet so far to the bright light blackstar
Does anyone know if it will come out on normal television or if it will come out on dvd because i don't have disney channel and when will it come out?
Hi People!  Does anyone know where i can download the wimbledon theme song played on Star Sports displayed when they break for commercials during display of the wimbledon logo. the music is very pleasant to hear .Kind of techno/trance mix. Any guesses?  Thanks in advance!
I have an epi les paul ive had it for about 2 months.  In the past week or so I have noticed some bubbling on the pick guard.  Its not huge, but its noticable.  It looks like a layer of clear plastic is coming off of it, but I have tried to take it off and it doesnt come off.  What should I do/Is this bad?
Hi, I need a name for my youtube account. I want something nice ( I am a girl) My initials of my name is SY. My fav colour is black and i am not goth. Got any ideas?
i wrote these lyrics, theyre are random lyrics, they may sound bad but i wrote them in church...lol  THERES NO POINT FOR GIRL SHES FINE AS GOLD BLUR MARSHAN BRUISED DILUTED NO SENSE FEAR IS LIKE FIRE   i repeat those are not my real lyrics, THOSE ARE RANDOM but how do they sound? XDXD ITS NOT HIP HOP XD ITS GRUNGE LOL
How was everyone's week?  and what have you been listening to today?  and have you ever popped your collar? Lol I remember doing work experience, mine was fun as hell though I enjoyed it, I was working with kids which is good because I like kids.  My week was okay though, it's been easy and I've been listening to a whole bunch of stuff from G-Unit's new joint to Main Source TLC - Have fun sweetheart!
who sung this hit song again before MYMP remaked it?
im looking for new songs. new cds that just came out or are coming out soon.  OR any good singles.  If u dont know anything new coming out but u have certain cds or singles that u like let me know.   i really need some new music! thanks for the help!
soulja boy - because what he raps about has no meaning kanye west - because he encourages crap like soulja boy and even has the guts to compare him to a ledgend like nas. diddy - because he is partly responsible for what has happened to rap lil wayne - because he is a homo with a inflated head
Smack my bitch up - Prodigy  Any similar songs to this song? I'm kinda into this genre lately
A cursive memory Add. Verse. Alamance Be Your Own Pet The bleeding irish Cinder Road CrashCarBurn Culture Shock Camp Dante Dead Legend Disco Ensemble Family Force 5 Farewell Four year strong Gaslight Anthem Gil Mantera's Party Dream Motion city soundtrack Motionless In White ORESKABAND Othello Paige Wood Pato The pink spiders The Pinker Tones Protest the Hero The Recovering Set your goals Skeet Skeet Steve Steadham / Citizen X Story of the year Street dogs Street Drum Corps Presents BANG! TAT    thank you!! the thing is i looked up all the bands that were supposed to be there, and these are the ones that werent on the list. i know some, but idk itd be easier to know which ones are worth looking up right off the bat.
\u2605 Which language is this song spoken?? I'm a foreigner so I'm not good at writing English well. But I have a question. Please read this question and answer me.  One day I listened to this song and felt that this song is perfect lyrics and makes my mind warm. But I don't know which language this song is written.  Please answer me as quickly as possible after you click a link and listen to this song. You can know the language of the song easily.  Here is a link.  http://home.megapass.co.kr/~myshinbi/doremi.mp3  Which language do you think this song is spoken?? In addition, I will be very thankful if you tell me the feeling or appreciation of the lyrics.  Thank you for reading my question.
im looking for the song shinig star sang by lance bass and augies side effect, it was used on i now pronounce you chuck and larry where the 2gay guys get married anyone know where to find it or how i can get it?????
UPBEAT * KEEP THE PARTY GOIN TYPE TUNES =)
Its Usher - moving mountains full phatt remix.  They play it on kiss radio but i cant get it anywhere . :(
Have you ever heard a song with some lyrics that make u think to urself what did he/she just say..........  Here is mine Bun B Ft Juvenile & Webbie - Pop it 4 Pimp Webbie - \"Go on keep it trill, show that hairy a**hole\"  http://youtube.com/watch?v=O-Yn-WH6y6c go to 2:45, you have to listen to this lol The song is about woman popping their butt's lol (keep it PG) for Pimp C. It's a tribute to Pimp C, Webbie is talkin about a girl showing her hairy a**hole lol.........
i dont know how to use ableton live so i need step by step instructions
it says something about lollipop...but its not the one by lil wayne. I completely forget how it goes but its a rap song.
Why does The game and BWS try to copy the backstreet boys ? it is widely known that the game( j.taylor) was huge fan of the backstreet boys during his childhood. he even wanted to name his label The black wall boys in tribute to the backstreet boys. my question is why does the game act like nick carter and the bws try to be the backstreet boys ? the game tries to be EXACTLY SIMILAR TO NICK CARTER IN LOOKS, SEE 4 UR SELVES nick carter pic http://z.about.com/d/realitytv/1/0/P/x/N... the game pic http://www.hiphopgalaxy.com/IMG/the_game... ofcourse the game is better looking and his music is much more entertaining than nick carter. but still the question remains, why does he copy nick ? thank u all 4 answering.
Such as what parts to tighten up ect ect
....hey pretty baby, here's a song made just for you...  yeah...that's all i remember!   pleaseee help me!  Thanks!
I have Elton John, Nikita.. and im 0nly 24. random huh. my brain records the music when im like three years old and manages to play it back verbatim 20 years later
How was yall 4th of july?  Rhh Question: Jeru The Damaja or Afu-Ra?  Who's better?
\u2605 Which language is this song spoken?? I'm a foreigner so I'm not good at writing English well. But I have a question. Please read this question and answer me.  One day I listened to this song and felt that this song is perfect lyrics and makes my mind warm. But I don't know which language this song is written.  Please answer me as quickly as possible after you click a link and listen to this song. You can know the language of the song easily.  Here is a link.  http://home.megapass.co.kr/~myshinbi/star.mp3  Which language do you think this song is spoken?? In addition, I will be very thankful if you tell me the feeling or appreciation of the lyrics.  Thank you for reading my question.
Its poppin champagne, but does anybody know when it comes out?? you dont have to be specific, i just want to know aroundd what days.
Name this artist, the song and another big hit for her?    Hint  :  She was popular during the years 1967 to 1975
I've heard that John and Paul have written many songs for the Stones, but where can I find a site that lists them all?
I'm looking for some hiphop-ish songs that are appropriate for children that have a fairytale theme.  Examples of good ones I've found are: Cinderella by the Cheetah Girls and Who's Afraid of the Big Bad Wolf by B5 but I need many more.  Thanks so much!
 we are driving so can keep stuff in the car.
\uC11C\uC601\uC740 - \uD63C\uC790\uAC00 \uC544\uB2CC \uB098(\uB208\uC0AC\uB78C OST)  \uC774\uC81C \uB2E4\uC2DC \uC6B8\uC9C0 \uC54A\uACA0\uC5B4  \uB354\uB294 \uC2AC\uD37C\uD558\uC9C0 \uC54A\uC544  \uB2E4\uC2DC \uC678\uB85C\uC6C0\uC5D0 \uC2AC\uD514\uC5D0 \uB09C \uD754\uB4E4\uB9AC\uC9C0 \uC54A\uACA0\uC5B4   \uB354\uB294 \uC57D\uD574\uC9C0\uC9C0 \uC54A\uC744\uAC8C  \uB9CE\uC774 \uC544\uD30C\uB3C4 \uC6C3\uC744\uAC70\uC57C  \uADF8\uB7F0 \uB0B4\uAC00 \uB354\uC6B1 \uC2AC\uD37C \uBCF4\uC5EC\uB3C4 \uB0A0 \uC704\uB85C\uD558\uC9C0\uB9C8   \uAC00\uB054 \uB098 \uC695\uC2EC\uC774 \uB9CE\uC544\uC11C \uC6B8\uC5B4\uC57C\uD588\uB294\uC9C0 \uBAB0\uB77C  \uD589\uBCF5\uC740 \uB298 \uBA40\uB9AC \uC788\uC744 \uB54C \uCEE4\uBCF4\uC774\uB294 \uAC83   \uD798\uC774 \uB4E4 \uB550 \uD558\uB298\uC744 \uBD10  \uB098\uB294 \uD56D\uC0C1 \uD63C\uC790\uAC00 \uC544\uB2C8\uC57C  \uBE44\uAC00 \uC640\uB3C4 \uBAA8\uC9C4 \uBC14\uB78C \uBD88\uC5B4\uB3C4  \uB2E4\uC2DC \uD587\uC0B4\uC740 \uBE44\uCD94\uB2C8\uAE4C   \uB208\uBB3C\uB098\uAC8C \uC544\uD508 \uB0A0\uC5D4  \uD06C\uAC8C \uD55C\uBC88\uB9CC \uC18C\uB9AC\uB97C \uC9C8\uB7EC\uBD10  \uB0B4\uAC8C \uC624\uB824\uB358 \uC5F0\uC57D\uD55C \uC2AC\uD514\uC774  \uB610 \uB2EC\uC544\uB0A0 \uC218 \uC788\uAC8C    \uAC00\uB054 \uC5B4\uC81C\uAC00 \uD6C4\uD68C\uB418\uB3C4  \uB098 \uC9C0\uAE08 \uC0AC\uB294 \uC624\uB298\uC774  \uB108\uB97C \uBCF4\uBA74 \uC5B4\uC81C\uAC00 \uB418\uB294 \uD558\uB8E8\uC77C\uD14C\uB2C8   \uD798\uC774 \uB4E4\uB550 \uD558\uB298\uC744 \uBD10  \uB098\uB294 \uD56D\uC0C1 \uD63C\uC790\uAC00 \uC544\uB2C8\uC57C  \uBE44\uAC00 \uC640\uB3C4 \uBAA8\uC9C4 \uBC14\uB78C \uBD88\uC5B4\uB3C4  \uB2E4\uC2DC \uD587\uC0B4\uC740 \uBE44\uCD94\uB2C8\uAE4C   \uB208\uBB3C\uB098\uAC8C \uC544\uD508\uB0A0\uC5D4  \uD06C\uAC8C \uD55C\uBC88\uB9CC \uC18C\uB9AC\uB97C \uC9C8\uB7EC\uBD10  \uB0B4\uAC8C \uC624\uB824\uB358 \uC5F0\uC57D\uD55C \uC2AC\uD514\uC774  \uB610 \uB2EC\uC544\uB0A0 \uC218 \uC788\uAC8C   \uC55E\uB9CC \uBCF4\uACE0 \uAC78\uC5B4\uAC08\uAC8C  \uB54C\uB860 \uD63C\uC790\uC11C \uB6F0\uC5B4\uB77C\uB3C4 \uAC08\uAC8C  \uB0B4\uAC8C \uBA48\uCD94\uB358 \uC870\uADF8\uB9CC \uC2AC\uD514\uB3C4  \uB0A0 \uB530\uB77C\uC624\uC9C0 \uC54A\uAC8C   thanks!  PS: Please do not use web translator cus i tried it already. I need accurate translation.. or if anyone could find the actual song translation online too?
last one about story telling  mines is Dear Momma by 2Pac
it kicks in about a minute into the clip. its the sample abt 1:12 that sounds familiar. I heard that club track on a night out but do not know who it is by?  http://youtube.com/watch?v=w1kFxq01Is8
because of discovering a lot of underground and really unknown bands on myspace as well as a lot of my youtube subscribers turning me onto new bands, working real hard writing songs for my new thing I am putting together I have actually had a waiting list of things to listen too. so believe it or not Opeth\u2019s Watershed has been kind of on the back burner, I mean I have listened to the whole thing but really haven\u2019t sat down an analyzed it until the last day or two. with watershed I noticed that mike did some nylon string-classical guitar segments, added some \u201COboes\u201D and classical music elements to the songs.   But I wanted to ask this and see if anyone agrees, doesn\u2019t there seem to be more elements of Doom Metal than usual in comparison to the other records?  I have actually put the record on a couple of times and have fallen asleep; sometimes I find it kind of boring. I mean I like the record and Opeth is one of my favorite bands but the record is not hitting me as profoundly as Ghost Reveries did.  Anyone feel the same way? and what are your Opinions? wow Rocco, I am sure why I am feeling this way about it. it just seem that there are a lot of lengthy doom metal segments. not sure is what I ment lol well I actualy like the classical guitar segments and all the acoustic segments, that somethimes is my favorite parts. I didnt expect it to be heavey, and I dont think its much too diferent than their other records. I am jsut saying that there seems to be more doom metal elements drag on? oh yeah me too Rocco, bif time BIG TIME lol I cant type this morning
It's a popular rock song. It's Our Time Now.  Thanks..
i cant find them anywhere. :/ haha ive looked for like 20 minutes. im positive thats the song because i got it right off their myspace. its a really good song and id like the lyrics. please helpp! :]
Everywhere I look I see this name.  Who are they, and which bands are they similar to, and what's the general genre and feeling?
i SURE do!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I've been trying lyric search engines and everything and I can't find out who sings this....  I heard it on the radio, I'm pretty sure it's and alternative rock song.  one of the lyrics goes like : \"you don't know, you don't know, you don't know....\"  any help is much appreciated
Jeru The Damaja?  Good MC?  Yay or Nay?
Like...The Maine,Yellowcard,Cute Is What We Aim For, Hellogoodby and Plain White T's  All these bands are so popular but to me they all sound the same. lol Fonzie.  Alot of what I listen to sounds the same though. I admit that.
The song that is played when they unveil his statue..the one that plays when he has some sort of army behind him..i found the remix of the song in a folder i downloaded..the name here is Nightwish - Troy Soundtrack - Tristania but i think its a fake name
Can anyone please find these songs for me and send them to me....I'll love you forever if you do:  Baby Love - 2 Much Candy Girl - 2 Much Knockout - 2 Much Ride With Me - 2 Much
Best hip hop? How many songs do you know? Name all the best hip hop and pop songs you know and heck, throw in some rock songs and country too
i can write lyrics but thinking of chords to them is awful has anyone got any tips or should i just ask the other band members to deal with it?
Ok... the only lyrics i can remember from it are... This is the last time, im livin two seperate lives got her in the morning you at night, im trippin, baby girl hold up just listen this is the last time. its like a slower r&b song.. and i LOVED it when i heard it but every search engine i have put it in, no lyrics pop up for it. Thanks
i know the first song on butternut reduction is buy you a drink and the last song is sensual seduction but whats the 2nd song ?  http://youtube.com/watch?v=c0LLK_4KJH8
my favorite is Biggie and NaS Tech is good i like his song Dancing with the Devil  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=179mQaGnRnE kristin i was with you till you said lil wayne
I'm teaching myself, i can understand most of the notes, I can read music with it, i'm just getting the hang of flats and sharps (I've learned so far on the fife) and I'm finding it difficult to get the bottom notes to play on the flute that i've got at the moment, could that just be the flute, or the fact I'm not very good yet and it will just come in time?
I heard this song on the radio. It had a piano in the background and a boy singing. In the chorus, he kept saying 'tonight im falling  for you'. I love that song! Can anyone help with the name?
i want a good rock song like the way she feels or count me in dear maria  or check yes juliet!  any good suggestions?  10 pionts to the best
It's at the very beginning of the video,and it sounds like an oldies song, its sung by a male and a female....
Just Curious x] If you know the other member age that'd  be cool too.  Thanks :]
The song is so pretty and I'm dying to learn it!! Please Help!! THANK YOU SO MUCH! Estee L: If I'm reading correctly (which I am) I believe the question asked if anyone knew where I could find the tabs, not what you thought of the song. So frankly I really don't care whether you like it or not. I do care that you just wasted my time by hating on a song that I like. Just because you don't like a certain song doesn't mean it's not music or that it's bad. It's just not what you like, and last time I checked we still had the right to listen to the music that we want to, although I'm sure that right will be taken from us shortly. So I will enjoy being able to listen to whatever the hell I want and you should keep your opinions to yourself unless you are clearly asked, \"Estee L, what is your opinion on this?\"
Favorite Albums: Come Clarity Clayman  Favorite Songs: Behind Space '99 Dead End Liquid - I Don't Know The Quiet Place Trigger System Cloud Connected My Sweet Shadow The Mirror's Truth Take This Life Only For The Weak  And I like this 1 song called Liquid i found it in Limewire, but when i tried looking for the Lyrics a lot of websites said the song didn't exist i don't know if thats really an In Flames song But i like though  List your Favorite Songs and Albums  **and i know i have a lot of favorite songs from In Flames, but hey they're a good band(thats my reason).
What is the name of the song in the beginning of yesterdays Dr Who Confidential (The End of An Era)? Thanks.
I like hip-hop alot but i dont know any good songs so any suggestions?
This dvd is the best, and I am wondering what is everyones favourite part.  =]
I know this is not much to work with.  The guy says \"Arre baba, shore nahin sor hai sor..\"  The guy is teaching the girl how to sing. I am terribly sorry guys... i didn't give you much to work with here i know. I just hope one of you can find out. I do not know the movie title not the actors in the movie, or who sang that song.
like a concept album with a plot and tells a story  personal favs American Gangster and Ready To Die
lyrics go something like....  if i touch you like this would you do it right back......
Any ideas on a good sampler/keyboard that can be used in a live situation,thanks.
I'm not refering to nine in the afternoon. Its a different one. I love that song. Does anyone know the name?
Mine is Against All Odds By Phil Collins.
1) \"Hush, Don't Talk Now\" ?? 2) \"I Had A Dream Last Night\" ?? These are CLASSIC Country Songs!!! (Google will not work, You will have to know your COUNTRY music to get these)!!!!!!! KAT, the song I'm looking for is OLDER than Patsy Cline
That song had batman theme melody. please i need that song, but i couldn't find That song had batman theme melody. please i need that song, but i couldn't find. I'm asking that song's name.
I love modern rock and stuff in the 90's and 80's as well, please help!
10 facts about Omarion. Here are my 10 facts:  1. Full name Omari Ishmale Grandberry 2. He loves wearing shades. 3. Favorite color red. 4. He have 6 siblings 5. He's a little shy. 6. He loves to dance. 7. Favorite food jambalaya 8. He been dancing since 5 9. He have a brother that looks like him. 10. He was the lead singer in B2K. Thank you for answering, just wanted to have a little fun.
Is there any under 18 raves.. in London.. for the 16th of August. A live one.. that is mostly for hip hip music and rnb.. for my sweet sixteen. Or atleast a website, so i could find one pleaseee!
I have a varied taste in music (although more rock-orientated), and I was curious to know this.  Thanks.
the original heartagram without the circle around it.  http://ckyhim.com/index.asp?PageAction=VIEWPROD&ProdID=1861  as in that one for example ^^^. we all know valo came up with the one with the circle, but what about the original?
Anyone know of any karaoke CDs it's on or where I might be able to legally download it? I've looked on some websites but can't seem to find it.  Or possibly someone could suggest a programme that removes the vocal track from a piece of a music?
Tell me what new and what you have been listen to alot of
I want like good rap bands and really good rap songs that are in and hot right now. thanks. extra info would be great. will pick a best answer click this on interesting if you like rap music click this on interesting if you like rap music
It's Love\" by Chris Knox, is on the Heiniken commercial.  It's either a remake or a knock off of what old song?  It may have been a one hit wonder years ago...late 60's early 70's, but I recognize the song.  Anybody have a clue?
I have a guitar for guiatar hero three. on the guitar the yellow button is jammed, so i fail out every song cause i cant get the yellow notes. Is there any way to un jam it? and please dont say just to get a new guitar.
Some bands that are similar to the bands above, just aren't death metal, unless they sing some too. I dunno i like some death metal, but I like singing in there too. But some good hard rock bands similar to the ones above (nonpoint, chevelle, breaking benjamin, dope, skindred, static-x etc.)
Hello Can someone please tell me if there is much of a difrence in tone or volume between the peavey jsx combo and halfstack thanks olly
its on the drink aware advert or some thing like that it has the lyrics Ive been here before 12 times
I just found Hollywood Undead and I like them alot. Is there any other bands that are like this?
i've tryed to find a download of this song for ages!!!! please help ^^
If so here's some of mine to listen to while you stumble around Y!Answers. I'd really like to know what ya think if you got a minute....   http://www.myspace.com/cardona444
Some good bands that are similar to motion city, or similar forever the sickest kids, the higher, farewell, sing it loud, four year strong etc.
Hi, i heard on someones phone the other day a song which was just called flowers and the lyrics were basically different names of flowers, it isnt an actual song by someone but sounds made up or some kind of stand up its basically based on sex but uses loads of different names of flowers and is very funny, any ideas i cant find it anywhere, helpppp
Sing is probably rythm and blues, folk, jazz?  Don't know.
It's not Devo, because it's a female band....who performed it at the beginning of the movie?
Looking for the UK style top 40 \"sung\" jingles from \"..number 40...\" down to \"..number one..\" as we all used to listen to on a Sunday afternoon many moons ago.  Thanks
faint hope of an answer i know but does anyone know the band on an oldish album,or even the album name ....5ish years old indie/alt (including oasis)stereophonics others compilation.Vague memory of it being NME or similar,black/red/white cover,no picture as such....not much to go on but i'm going mad with frustration      thanks
Okey, it's this rap song and it sounds like one part is played by Timbaland. but maybe not. I know some parts, it goes getcha diamond ring, and then i think it says gethcha something. Any help here, im so stumped???
I am a guitarist i know how to play i just want to learn how to play blues solo so can someone send some tabs please.
its the opening song for La Corda D'oro and i need it urgently!! >< thanks in advance! :D
Alex turner (lead singer of arctic monkeys) is in another band called the Last shadow puppets. Rumors have said that this is disrupting the harmony between the arctics. what do you think?
I want the names of new songs and also include the name of the respective singer. Thankyou!!!!!
I'm not sure which guitar hero commerical that I saw, but it was deffinitaly new.   There was this emo looking guy, and him and his crew got on the stage, and sang.  The emo guy had short hair, black of course.  I'd really like to know the band name.
Thanks!
Ontario has sick locals! This guys from windsor (where i'm from)   http://profile.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=user.viewprofile&friendID=281693925   Listen to \"my block\" FT. Ace It's all about Windsor... Haha. It's the place to be ;)   It's nothing like lil' wayne... But do you like it? Is it alright? A lot of people seem to like lil' wayne in that category.  Only reason why I compared him to lil' wayne!
Some music or songs get lost in the time,or style,while some live on forever
Baby i love you , baby i need you ,\" the another part is \" check out my baby girl in this crazy world , you know what i  mean ? \" please help , thanks (:
I believe it was made back in the early 80s , when the breakdance came to it's peak ! can someone help?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usj-VesjRNM thank you sh323.... you are 100% right !!!
My daughter is turning 16, and really likes the band Coldplay, we bought tickets to see one of their shows around her birthday, but the seats aren't that great, and we were wondering (my husband and I) if there was any way to get them to maybe say happy birthday to her or something? It would mean so much, because she really does like them a lot. Any ideas as to how we would go about doing that?  Thanks so much!
At school we r doin a project bout jobs. i chose singing. r teacher said we had to find out about the qualifications needed and what experiance. how much they get paid. and what you have to do. please can someone help me. i have until thursday wen i need to present it to the class
did anybody ever buy them tesco mp3's?  i did, and there was a lil demo song on it, it was like a techno song, i loved it, but i lost the mp3...  can anybody tell me what that demo song was.. i doubt it but every little helps yano :)
What is this song that goes like...baby turn around and lemme see your sexy butt go bum bum bum..
If so could you please upload it to imeem.com? Just give me the link to it in youre answer and you get best answer
I really love their music, especially the song Unbreakable.  But my iTunes won't let me sign in.  Have anywhere i can get it for free?
Eric Clapton's eyes.  All the videos I've seen of him and pics, I can't tell.    Thanks  ;-)
i mean were the actull set is not where its based on the show i no that it is cardiff points for the right answer
Cause I'm going to Warped Tour in Detroit and I want to see the good preformers.
the chorus part goes like thissssss....  we were tryin' different things we were smoking funny things making love out by the lake to our favorite song drinkin whiskey out the bottle not thinking about tomorrow singin sweet home alabama all summer long
My Music Theory professor has read that Beethoven was always looking for pity, and may have faked being deaf. Is this possible?
would you consider soulja boy as a rapper i wouldnt becuase he repeats words in his whole song i wouldnt consider it rap whp agrees with me i beleive he is a one hit wonder
I'm looking for a super awesome concert website that lists big bands and local gigs in cities in California and possibly Seattle. I listen to anything Rock, Acoustic, Soul, Ambient, Indie, New Age, Alternative
I've been looking for this song for a long time...it begin with...you told me that you loved me so why did you make me cry you told me that you needed me you never said goodbye so why I'm I alone again you didn't even try....and in the chorus...your not the one that I once love not the one I've been dreaming of look the same but you have change not the one that I once loved....It could be from an old rock band from the 70's I don't remember...I used to sing that song with my band but I can't remember you sang that song and I've been looking for it for a couple years now and nobody seems to remember who sings it so if anybody could help me I would really appreciate...thank in advance
Many if not most \"dramatic\" sopranos - which this role requires - are \"hefty\", to say the least: some of gargantuan proportions; and their appearance in this role, often comes over as absurd, if not ridiculous.        Then there are those unfortunately relatively few, that have an at least somewhat appropriate physique, to be believable as this battle-worn \"warrior maiden\".       Of those who you have seen live(in person, or media broadcast, or even photos of), do you consider the best and worst?       By the way, does anyone happen to know, if Florence Foster Jenkins ever attempted to sing any pieces by Wagner?(just kidding)                                                  Alberich
already got some mudvayne, dope, 4 differnt staind cds , crossfade, rise against, three days grace, rage against the machine, and alot of Red hot chilie peps (ps makin new album in '09)
This One? http://www. musiciansfriend. com/product/Warwick-Thumb-BO-Fretless-Bass?sku=519107   or  This One?  http://www. ibanez. com/bass/guitar. aspx?m=MDB1   I love them both! But I can only pick one!  Help! errr! links didnt work.  http://www.musiciansfriend.com/product/Warwick-Thumb-BO-Fretless-Bass?sku=519107  http://www.ibanez.com/bass/guitar.aspx?m=MDB1
Should they be targeting others?
as of april 08 please... thanks again..
omg i miss them sooo much =(....i tink i WAS actually there biggest fan...u hear alot of ppl say dat bu i acually tink i am!! if anyone nos ne info please tell me....make my day!!the best info gets the 10 points!xx
just curious as to how big the number will be:D
i need help hear
ok its a rock song from ethier the 80s or 70s the one part i sort of remeber goes like this. any minute or something like that sung in a deeper tone. then the other part goes pretty little lady or its pretty little label. sung in a high pitch. its not a country, jazz, or blues song. its rock.
Ray Charles sang \"In The Heat Of The Night\"  Name the flower (It's nickname) (it's named after the man who cultivates it) in the movie of the same name?  Heres a easy one!  Who sang \"Don't Rock The Boat\"?  (It's not who you think I'm thinking of!)    Poll :    Earth Wind & Fire or The Ohio Players? Pay attention to the question! (smiling)   Name the flower this man cultivates in the movie \"In The Heat Of The Night\"  The flowers nickname!  Bob Marley did his own song called \"Don't Rock The Boat\" which has nothing to do with The Hues Corporation.  It's ok cause most people on this planet don't know that one! I see you wish to be technical about this huh?  Ok I stand corrected on some of it.
I think Snoop or Dre for west,Nas for east and T.I or Ludacris for south(I'm not sure).Who do you think?
 I don't mean a flam. I saw a drum and bugle corps show last night where the snare drummers were hitting their drums very hard with both sticks that wasn't a flam. I just was thinking they must call that something, since it's not a flam.
Does anyone know any bands, mainstream or underground, that play this kinda music? My bf listens to it and i told him i hate it but really wanna learn more about it. :) Ok duh... obscure maybe not but i just copying and pasted from his myspace... maybe he knows what he means. Just answer the effin question. :)
I love music but I do go through stages where I go without it for a while but then I start listening to it again and it's never off :)
I hear this song often and I really like it. It's sad sounding and its a girl singing. It's lyrics go something like \"eyes of an angel...\"
About a year or so ago, I found a song \"Sonique vs Zombie Nation\" was the two artists.  I'm not 100% sure of the title, but it was a remix between \"Feels so good\" by Sonique and then the \"Kernkraft 400\" song from Zombie Nation.  It starts really slow, sounds like an underwater version of the sonique song or something.  They didnt something weird with the voice when they say \"thats what takes me high\" and thats repeated a lot of times at the beginning before it gets faster into the zombie nation song.  Any idea where to find this?  I've searched limewire and everything else, dont see it on any CD's anywhere....
Plz give me exact address and location where I can buy those.Thaks a lot!!
Can anybody give me a few tips for placing a on a violin. Every time I try and start to tune the strings the bridge starts to lean towards the fingerboard, so I stop tuning it in case I snap the bridge or do something worse. Any help?
Man in blue T-shirt and hat, having his innards eaten by two vultures.This could be just part of the album/CD cover,Thanks for any help.
PLease no silly comments  Thanx
It's not like we're sad that he's leaving, like a good luck song, goodbye or something.  Pls help, thanks.
There's one particular song I can't find that starts off sounding like Eurythmics - Sweet Dreams (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQHrspjw4aA) for the first 8 seconds but then this guy starts rapping really fast? Could anyone tell me what that song is?  There's also a catchy song called \"Sun Goes Down\" ??? that is this sort of music...(uk rap / grime / hip hop) I don't really know, because I'm usually into punk & metal...  I also like MC Devvo, Eminem, Timbaland, The Streets, Sean Kingston, so could anyone list some songs that they listen to at the moment, which would help me find other songs that I've heard, but can't find? There's one I really like that is quite popular but I'd only know it if I heard it- I can't describe how it goes...perhaps there's a small chance that someone lists it accidentally?  Cheers :-)
Anyone know what song was \"sampled\" in original Bring it on, when Compton Clovers are dancing at their High School
I'm 18 and I have a hard time hitting or \"belting\" B4 - C5 using chest (it's very weak), I can only reach up to A#4.  I need help!! I have 4 octaves
what is ur favorite guitar riff/solo  drum solo  you can put more than 1
sites like 'musiccooltoad.com'
I heard it on the radio the other day and I can't find it anywhere. I'm not even sure I have the right lyrics! Please help.
its from last year with antonella, blake & everybody. anyway- i think its when they announced the top 12 or 10 & its the nite the girls sang & @ the end , its shows them dancing (the blue \"amer Idol\" backgound behind them) & the song playing goes \"im not your girl\" its women singing & upbeat-i cant find it-although i did hear it in Payless one day thank you steven for wasting my time to read that
yea then u shuld get this-----   http://bp3.blogger.com/_WbwHlJPP91U/SGW2sESIaHI/AAAAAAAANk4/wZHSBhVIXsA/s1600-h/Screwed.Video.Mix.Lil.Wayne.The.Block.Is.Still.Hot.2008.Dvdrip.Xvid.jpg
Guys i Think Its a bit old Song...not too old the lyrics that i heard on the radio were  chori chori  dil se keh raha hai koi dil me bas gaya hai koi  something something...  yaroon yeh batao kya karon   kya karon dil mera hai bekrar  so If any1 has heard this song and knows who sang it then plzzzzz do reply. THANX
whats ur fav band/group/person in music? i love paramore and linkin park both are such great bands, my fav artist is rob thomas, but i like all types of music and im open to anything
I love GARTH BROOKS, and just want to know how many others like him and what's their fave song. I love them all, but my fave is \"When you come back to me.\"
Or hopefully, it's isn't a \"blah\" one for you.  Woke up early to go to the John, and thought I had best stay up in order to post this at a reasonable hour(here): not go back to bed, and then not awakening till noon.       On my 2nd cup of coffee, but still \"bleary eyed\".  Inadvertently clicked on DVD sometime last night - with 5 discs inserted - and when I got up, \"Die Gotterdammerung\"'s last act was concluding - 4 1/2 hrs. long opera: another $2.00 added to my electric bill?       Weather here: still sufferring from the Calif. smoke inundation: terrible haze at times; almost completely covers the Sierra Nevadas which can see from my apt. windows: double \"blah\".       My glorious \"poinsiatta\" plant received for Christmas and I had repotted, finally gave up the ghost: \"boo hoo\"; at least she knows I tried my very best.  My thunb(s)seem to have turned from a rich green, to a \"rusty brown\": \"forsooth\".       Hope your having a better day,                               Alberich An interesting mix of locales:  SW Missouri Rochester, MN Miraflores(Lima)Peru California ??? Adelaide, South Australia Pennsylvania       Thanks everyone for your entertaining responses; really enjoyed our little \"coffee klatch\".        Hope to see you all again next Sunday.  Have a great week.                                        Alberich \"tucomen-\": the weather here is almost the exact opposite from yours there; I can't imagine such a humid climate.       The western parts of this country, have been sufferring from what is claimed to be a 10 yr. drought; with exception of the northwest, which has been sufferring from floods: our smoke inundation coming from 100's of fires in Calif., next door.         The weather on the whole seems to have gone completely \"haywire\" these past few years; a terrible, terrible flooding in the mid-west along the Mississippi river has just now began to recede.       Tomorrow(today)Monday, is just another work-day; this country nowadays seem to be made up of nothing but \"workaholics\"(more appropriately, many people are deathly afraid of loosing their jobs).       The natl. economy has sank into a \"recession\": thousands of lay-offs everyday.       And yes, going to \"repot\"; haven't decided yet on what kind of plant.                                         Alberich
Does anyone know the  name of thier song  where in thier video they are  dressed up as girls and teh lead singer is hovering or something ? Thank you
first - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dKv0GzEucU second - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYwZEHUICBo  its a song by tegan and sara :)!    which one is better? first or the second one?
Is this a useful tool for learning how to play REAL drums? Or is it just going to teach bad habits that will have to be overcome by a real drum teacher? I am just wondering if any of the skill one might develop in the videogame will translate to the real thing?
Hi i'm  14 and i've been playing violin for 6 months and I really like it i'm begginig stacato and sight reading but since I started late i already know I can't be a soloist i don't really want  to teach music but I would like to one day play in the kansas symphony i know that sounds really far fetched coming from sombody who's been playing only half a year but I like to set my goals high :)in the meantime what can I do besides playing in a commuinity orchestra?  i'd also like to attend some sort of college that has a music program in it but i don't think i'll be ready to join at 18 like most ppl so what age should do you think I should go?
I only have one album from him, Illmatic, so i'm calling that a classic. But i want opinion from people who have more than 1 album from him.
who sings the song \"Different Breed\"?  She doesn't write thank you cards, wears cowboy boots, and smokes ciggaretts....
Hey, can't find this song, does anyone know it? It goes something like \"Still on top of the edge and I feel like I'm falling down.\"  Ahh its killing me I'm dying to know what its called or who the artist is - any help would be awesome! Thanks
Stuff like I got it from my mama. Just fun music.
I want to play \"I'm Shipping up to Boston\" in orchestra. There is Violin, Viola, Cello and Bass. Is there a place online or in the metro-boston are where I can buy the score? Or sheet music, especially viola
1.Avenged Sevenfold's cover of Walk by Pantera?  2. Sum 41's cover of Master Of Puppets and For Whom The Bell Tolls by Metallica??
Hey, I've been trying to find out what this song is called and who the artist is but i can't figure it out! It goes:  \"Take a look at what I've got I can't promise you a lot.\"  Does anyone know it? If so it'd be a massive help! Cheers
i need some pick me up songs to get me out of this mood :) any help would be great!
i need help to write lyrics for a guy the genre is rap/hip hop any mount of lyrics will be greatly appreciated plz help me thanx
Was this originally a Queen song? Thanks!
it goes like: you know my you know my you know my motha f***ing name
Does anyone know where i can find an ACCURATE tablature for Iggy Pop and the Stooges album \"Raw Power\"?
i just can;t seem to remember this word. u know when , say in youtube either before the video is about to start there is this circle thing which goes round, this means that the song is being downloaded. there is a word for it? or the red line that shows how much of the song has been downloaded. u can't play the song beyond the length of the red line. anyways , so there is a word for it . i think it starts with B .  i don't know birrating or something like that. help me out!
i am not sure lyrciss of song but it is like' lo keppa corazon, cora es tu yo.. lo keppa corazonn...  like that
Mine are : You have to be trusted by the people that you lie to, so that when they turn their backs on you, you'll get the chance to put the knife in.......Dogs/Animals And did they get you to trade your heros for ghosts?Hot ashes for trees? Hot air for a cool breeze? Cold comfort for change? Did you exchange a walk on part in the war, for lead role in a cage? Wish you were here/Wish you were here. and... life is a short warm moment  and death is a long cold rest  you get your chance to try  in the twinkling of an eye  eighty years with luck or even less... Free Four Obsc. by clouds .
i cannot find Immature/IMx's first album, \"On Our Worst Immature\" i've tried forstwire & limewire, it's not on there, does anybody know where i can download this album or songs from the album?
Heey,  Im looking for some Electro Music for my IPod.  I like the ones with lots of lyrics.
listen from 0:58 sec, onwards. HAH!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjw9XTqMe6A
it is widely known that the game( j.taylor) was huge fan of the backstreet boys during his childhood. he even wanted to name his label The black wall boys in tribute to the backstreet boys. my question is why does the game act like nick carter and the bws try to be the backstreet boys ? the game tries to be EXACTLY SIMILAR TO NICK CARTER IN LOOKS, SEE 4 UR SELVES nick carter pic  http://z.about.com/d/realitytv/1/0/P/x/NickCarter2.jpg the game pic http://www.hiphopgalaxy.com/IMG/the_game_rap.jpg ofcourse the game is better looking and his music is much more entertaining than nick carter. but still the question remains, why does he copy nick ? thank u all 4 answering. hope u enjoyed answering.
Where Can Download Classical music??? any free websites??
Sounds like some Hawaiian folk song, but I did not find it among any songs listed in the soundtrack.
I really like \"blinded by lights\" by \"the streets\" i have got limewire but everytime i type that song in loads of other different ones come up and when i finally get to that song when i am downloading its downloading something for 3 seconds and its silent. Can anyone help me? Any links to downloading this song will help. Thanks
It was stated in Wikipedia that Amit released it in April this year.
In particular 'Mercy', which is track 1. Alanis Morissette sings a prayer in Hungarian and I know the English translation of what she sings but I'm looking for the words in Hungarian (plus these are voices of other languages in the same and other songs on the album).  Please don't post the English translation! Thanks :)
Kevin Prosch is involved with Morningstar Ministries
It went something like, im your F A N    M A N. Thats all i can remember, but it was technoish
I live in Sussex WI, and am looking for an upright (preferably black) piano under $800..........anybody got one thats close by?
just wanted to know, it has reallt confusing lyrics :/
I heard this song on an all rock station but I couldnt get any information as to what the song is or who sung it due to the fact that my mother was yacking in my ear...I know the lyrics mention something about having no soul and not being here..and at the end of the song the DJ said that the song was about his girlfriend(guy who sings the song I guess) commiting suicide at the age 16...if anyone could tell me the name of this song from the few clues I have then that would be awesome The song was newer I could tell by the style and it was also a slower song. i don't think the song itself was about suicide...i just think it was INSPIRED by her suicide
I looking for rock songs heavy metal pop and experimental and what ever category hide and seek is under
can anyone please explain the video clip of this song to me . thanks in advance. (the video is on youtube sorry couldn't get the link here)
Thank you very much in advance. It would really help me.
Please help I really need this pick up note!  Thanks!
Please I really need help!  Thanks!
im wondering whos that girl(red hair pink fender telecaster) on the tired video and whats her name
i dont really get it, like who or what is mayberry? and what is the song trying to say?
lyrics i remember: there you go way too fast dont stop now your gonna drag
in Queen of the Damned, what song is playing when akasha and lestat are in the tub with the red roses????  thanks!! :) and it says something about wings in the song. yea i love alll the songss, but i just watched the movie and heard that song and i never downloaded it and yea haha  thanks tonsss!!:)
that yahoo has moved most of the questions over to the U S site ??? hi Tex, there is still questions on the Aussie site  but not many . only about half a dozen , before there were heaps until about thursday, when they said they were doing maintanance. now i have to go on the U S site and also U K because i was on the Uk site for a few months till i realised id signed on wrong and im the top country answerer there so im switching between the three now which is a pain
The main singer's a girl, and I vaguely remember the lyrics but it was fast-beat, catchy, had a girl-guy chorus and the ending to the song was along the lines of \"you're not coming back here anymore\" or something like that?? the chorus was like \"doo doo doo doo doo doo doo\"
It's like, \"my freestyle...\", lol, I can't really remember the lyrics. Hope you'll help me guys, it's been a long time since I was looking for that song.
PLEASE help me! My guitar teacher has set me homework to do over the summer, and it is to write a song. But I'm really stuck!! I have never written a song before and I have no idea what to write for the lyrics! I want to think of a good theme to write the song about, not just love because that is what almost every song is about these days. also if I write a song about love, my guitar teacher might think I'm in love with him, haha, not.
Who knows the name or artist of the song with these lyrics?   \"if you were here it would be more magical, if i were there it woud be more radical\"
I have searched everywhere and can't find this:  Composer - Friedrich Grutzmacher \"Albumblatt\" Op.66  Thanks.  The song is in: Recital Gems - book. 2 (Alfred ed.)  see: http://www.music44.com/X/product/17380-D&Tab=SONGS  3 hours ago The song sounds like this:  http://vids.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=vids.individual&VideoID=22922317
Its a female artist and the song is from either 2003-2004? \"love me love me dont try to control me love me love me come squeeze and hold me\"
I heard this song in a club, it's has some guy rapping quite fast, almost like garage MCing, but I only remember the chorus. It was like (I'll type it like it sounds) \"Ooh! way-ay-ay!\". it's chanted and repeated.   If you had any idea what this song is I'd be very grateful.. thanks. No, it's a dance song...
me and my ex boyfriend are entering a compition were we are singing and were going to sing a duet but need ideas on some good songs the only duets we got so far are Ain't no mountian hig enough and islands in the stream help need some ideas time to say goodbye is an amazing song but a little out of our leage i think and when i hear it i cry
it goes something like this  esa mujer tiene pelo largo y cuerpo como artista
pleasure wins to me what do you think
He wrote a song that was a huge hit for the \"Queen Of Soul\" He later recorded the song himself and it is now his \"signature\"  First person who posts the correct video gets the prize.... Ok you two..I made a mistake. The song was actually wriiten by Aretha herself. Now try and find the video involved.Sorry for the wrong info..... For the record, this has nothing to do with Otis Redding.... I think it is time to put this baby to rest...here is the video that answers the question.. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LG27uvi7-Ug
plz help?? heres some of the lyrics: girl:i dont know you i just met you boy but somethings got me and i dont know why  boy: i dont know you  i just met you but somethings got me and i dont know why can you tell me why? girl:cause i dont know why the moment i first saw you i been stuck in time and it seems so right boy:no i dont know why boy:but the feelings i am feeling girl:theyre so beautiful boy:incredible boy&girl:it makes me wanna say what if we were meant to be what if it was destiny   thts all i know plz help!! thnx
Roughly how many would you say you have. At the moment I have about 400 because I reinstalled windows so I lost all my songs .  So just starting to get them all back
or dis is y im hot (wipe me down)of the year last year  any songs yet (of 2008) its so hot like party like a rockstar or this is why im hot or wipe me down. or of which rapper do u expect who can make a hot song dis year like dem^? the song flo-rida - low is a one hit wonder  i think nobody (outside the states) are gonna listen to flo-rida again.... damn they didnt even know who flo rida is so they used the song name as t-pain - low
its sung by a group of girls and I can only remember these words (How many ways can I get you hot) or maybe ( How many ways do I get you hot) . tnx 4 help
hi, im looking for a special song, that is performed by a hawaiian artist, just with his own voice and and guitar (or ukulele). poorly i dont know the lyrics, but the song is very slow down a bit of sad und just great. i think the artist died one or two years ago, but the song is in the radio now...maybe someone can help me thanks in advance ;)
i'm trying to find the guitar pro tablature for \"shakedown\" from behind crimson eyes
The song goes : \"apple bottom jeans, boots with the fur....\"   Who sings it and what is it called?   Also, what are some other good dance songs?
^                ^                 ^
i have wiley - wearing my rolex justin timberlake - sexy back loads of artic monkey's stuff needs updating lol duffy - warwick avenue cry for you september i have more (1324) but thats just a selection
http://www.allblacks.iveco.com/ okay ive just listened to it again and its given me a different version so it isnt on that one i will find the  link to the version i was looking at before
Hey, my flute has stoppe playing the low C C# and D notes, also middle D is a bet airy but the firt ones i mentioned are hardly coming out and just sound like air. I have to play it at church in 2 hours and ive just discovered the problems when ive come to practice now, any ideas how I can fix it please!?  When i first picked it up the low E wasnt working but i found one of the wirey things was sticking out and i put it back in and it started working but i cant find a soloution for the other notes.  thanks.
It's ritten by Robin and Judith Randall and it's from Baywatch it's from Baywatch and I need the mp3 file. I want to download it from somewhere
It's called \"im falling\" and the original is by the babys but the one im after is much more modern n wit a few different lyrics. plzzzz help me its driving me crazy lol
I have an esp ltd deluxe ec100 guitar and the strings buzz very heavily on the first and second frets. Its very bad on both E strings and moderately bad on the middle 4. I cant raise the action as it is already a lot higher than what is ideal for me so i guess it needs a truss rod adjustment.  I heard that holding the 1st and 12 frets and checking the 5th fret for string space is a way to check, and there is no space so what does this mean?  Any advice appreciated.
i like the kooks, death cab for cutie and coldplay if that helps you :)
i heard wu tang are performing in london. how much do the tickets cost? and how/where can i get some?
i only know the chorus.....and it says \"i gooo  maaaadddd\"....haha thats it... its 80's era i think.... thatssss allll i know.... how does the flaming lips one go? how does the flaming lips one go?
Hi all, yesterday i did indoor skydiving and got the DVD, so i need to add some tracks to the background, some upbeat songs! This is what i have so far will need 3 or 4 more: Flo Rida - Low Missy Elliot - Shake it like a pom pom 5ive - everybody get up 5ive - slam dunk the funk  Thanks everyone
what were the names of all or most of the songs both performers sang?? it was a great concert, i really want to know the names of the songs....please help
The Night, by Disturbed.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Crom4jD9e4  Thanks for your time.
lupe fiasco vs lil wayne kayne west vs andre 3000 eminem vs jay z nas vs rakim bizzy bone vs krayzie bone z-ro vs necro
I want some good sounding acoustics to listen to.. Any help?
i wish contact the jonas brothers\u00B4manger or themselves to ask them to sing in a charitable concert but i don\u00B4know how do it. does anyone know how to contact them? thanks
hey guys sorry for so many questions, im new,  but when you and E (the letter of the chord) by itself, alone, does that mean it will be a major, minor, or an E7?? i dont get that???
My nominiees:  \"Meeting In The Ladies Room\" - Klymaxx http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6A4LbAZ0pg  \"Valley Girl\" - Frank & Moon Unit Zappa http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5M9aY7hXjGU  \"Physical\" - Olivia Newton-John http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQXECBdPgEA Have to liven up a Sunday morning somehow Fonz :-D
WHY? also whats your favourite song by the getaway plan???
I've been learning classical piano for close to 13 years now, and will be completing the ABRSM grade 8 this year(I hope). After that I would like to try something different musically, and was thinking of doing classical voice from scratch (as in grade 1 onwards and so forth). Is there anything special I need to know? Like having to audition, or a maximum age to start and what not? Or do you just have to sign up with a qualified teacher like all other instruments? I'm 18. Thanks.
It's newish
Points to whoever is the first with a real answer: How do I find the hidden links to the Reliant K tracks hidden on the Internet for \"The Birds and The B-Sides.   List the links to the web pages that contain the hidden tracks for the Reliant K album, \"The Birds and The B-Sides,\" Along with instructions for spotting them on the page.
it ends with: than untouchable john cena and there a part saying: like my name was kareem/kalem something similar. and another part saying :hang ____ like coat racks i think. anybody know this please.
like the new albums get released everywhere but the rappers make deals with stores... like if u bought dj khaleds album from best buy then u get like 4 bonus tracks but if u buy it somewhere else....other stores or internet then u wont get the bonus tracks  or carter III.. if u buy it at target then u get 2 bonus tracks  this aint fair.. i want that all stores/cds have the same tracklist..
i have gathered a perfect CDQ voices song off the internet that i could very well make into a 90-95% perfect song for everyone BUT the problem is the king AND j.r's voices are heard near the end are in this track.  SO my question is, is there ANY way for anyone to tell me how to remove their little commentary via program or whatever so then we have a FULL perfect VOICES track.
I cant find the music or chords anywhere, Come Clean by hilary duff............thanks in advance!
What is your Top 3 favorite song by Taylor Swift?  * Remember: If you don't have anything nice to say then don't say anything at all.
the oringinal \"All I Want\"  song was by Toad The Wet Sprocket..  but i've heard the slower version of the song wich sounds much nicer  does anyone no who the slower one is by?
Good songs  of any kind ..id prefer newish please.  drum and bass or pop/chart or trance       10 points for tha person who gives me tha most and goodest 1ns  thanks guys (: THanks for these.. i want some newer ones though.
i really love singing and i want to write my own songs but i am finiding it soo hard! can someone help me and tell me how to write my songs! it is really rstraighting because normally i cn make things up on the spot but i cant get the write song!!
it went something like \"if you want it\" and it was a dance tune..... any ideas folks
does anyone know the sad song played at the end of the movie Original Sin when it goes from angelina jolie talking to the priest to her life ? i really want to find the sheet music for it
guys like me by eric church my friends say thats me in a nut shell and luke bryan we rode in trucks which one fits you
hey, i have just taken up bass guitar a month ago, can anyone reccomend and good and easy songs to play eg arctic monkeys, fratellis, the killers, thanks
lol yeah the blues are brewin
I originally heard the version on the miniclip game \"up beat\" and so far that is the only way i can listen to it! I can only find the original version done by Tiffany in the 80's and other remakes by other artists but i don't like their versions as much as the Bels Boys. I have tried Isohunt, iTunes and i even tried youtube.com to see if i could get someone who had used the song... but no luck. I really want this and if you have seen it for sale, download or have a version yourself i would appreciate info. thanx
i like the song but it isn't full
I am dying to see them live at the City of Manchester Stadium. Does anyone know any possible tour dates?
I really need to know for my art class  its considered an abstract song!
I've only recently started with the mandolin, and I swear, every time I tune it, I break at least one E string if not both of them.  I'm using one of those Cherub digital tuners that you can use for the mandolin or violin, and it has a setting for flat or sharp, and I'm not even sure what the setting should be....yes...I said..beginner...lol  It seems like I juuuuuuuust about get it tuned and whaptwwwwwwwwang.....there goes my string.  Not only are strings becoming expensive, it's annoying and I'm afraid that I or one of my cats are going to lose an eye to this evil mandolin.  Any help would be greatly appreciated.  Thank You
The song has these lyrics \"Singing sweet home Alabama all summer long\" Who is it by and what is is called?
all i listen to is country i grew up in a small town and i live in the biggest redneck part of the country and i grew up listening to it all i hear from ppl is that country music is nothing but ppl talkin about there wife leavin them and stuff ok i hate rap because i dont wanna hear about some dude shooting his brother or people talkin about drugs 75%of country music is christian and ive never heard a rap song that doesnt talk about drugs or shoot ing ppl im not racist i just dont understand why ppl got to a such good music and ps not all contry music talks about wifes leaving them and stuff get a life ppl
Is it an accurate depiction that Gretchen Wilson is the best thing out of Pocahontas, IL?
The song i wanna find has these lyrics! \"This is an SOS, don't wanna second guess\" Does anyone know who is by and what the song is called?
Hey, I'm mixing a punk rock CD for my sister on her 19 birthday (( She is a real punk lover :D :D )) But i can't find a cool picture to be the CD's cover any ideas?? =)  Thanks Star cool idea thanks :D :D   Trixi Umm i didn't put any song for them in the CD so i don't think i can put their picutre as a cover..  ahajbe I like the idea :D :D thanks   Im waiting for some more suggestion :) :)
And, also, what is the best song to be released by an actor or actress?  **By actor or actress I'm meaning that they were well established in that field first before deciding to release a album/cd.
does anybody know the song in \"Hottie and the Nottie?\" i only remember it said something like \"blow me, blow me away.\" something like that, when they were on the boat. please someone helps me to find this song~ thank you
Wats the name of the song at the start of this video??  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U3dCyJfj3zg  10 Points for the first person & right anser
does anybody know if super junior are ever going to come to the UK?
i heard a certain song in the pantene ad which was telecasted in india . it was reely nice and i want to hear the full song.  it appears that i also heard the same song in a youtube video (glimmer- the latest buzz -Disney channel) anyone who knows plz plz plz plz answer to this . if available then plz provide a link
When Are Same Diffrence actually bringing there single out btw because i wan't it it was men't to be out 21st of april but it wasnt and when is rhydian and leons albums coming out i wan't then to spech leon's he is amazing ?? I CARE OBV DUHHHHH
Has anyone ever played a hemisemidemiquaver? Or read King Dork by Frank Portman of The Mr T Experience [MTX]
do you know the nems of the major singing competitions that are run in the UK? ie pop idol
How long can you listen to the hampster dance without going insane????
im into pop, rock, R&B what r some good songs? i like paramore, pearl jam, bon jovi, kylie minogue, chris brown, rihanna, and any1 else u can think of what r sum songs that i would like?
I have been drumming for a year and a bit, and recently bought a drumkit because my parents though it would be to loud, but i convinced them to buy me one and use mute pads and they bought it. I bought a PDP EX series Starter Package and i got stagg cymbals with that, a pearl throne, cymbal stands and mute pads for $1500 and a bonus two pairs of sticks. And as a present for getting good grades i bought me a pasite cymbal pack but i cant set up my hit hat.
Please help me. I can only find the movie \"The Sound Of Music\" in google. But I am looking for the Different Sounds Of Music. Please help! Thank You! =)
that shows a 1 guy/girl dat shows the elementary, highschool and college life, from their baby stage, until they have got a boyfriend or girlfriend... good background music (a song)... pls thx ...
I like songs from the kooks and death cab for cutie if that helps
Its a Gangster Rap song that starts off with a trumpet and after the trumpet it has a beat that almost sounds effortless
I really want to know the song at the end of TV series'The reaper'episode07,the lyric include ''I wonder','where can you be','are you hold it someone tight,I wonder'' This song I like it very much,but I can't seach it out just acoording to the lyrics from google and other site,it is an old song by a female singer.Hope one of you guys know about that. Hoping for it.
I really like the dance feel of \"Forever\" and \"Closer\" by CB and Ne-Yo... so does anyone have any recommendations for more songs I can look for that are good enough to dance to? I love these new songs.
This song is sung by the female lead of the show, Han Xue. and the song is called \u4E00\u4E2A\u4EBA\u7684\u6292\u60C5\u6B4C.  And what is the title of the ending song of the show? and who is it sung by?
Nas? Biggie? Jay? Who???  By the way, there is a rumor going around about the Philippines having an earthquake at July 18, 08 which will kill thousands. I live there and my village is at the fault line :O. Man, I am really scared. 50 Cent??? Well, thats your opinion and I can't do anything about it.
This is a hokkien song I mean romanized lyrics of the taiwanese (or hokkien) song. I can't speak taiwanese but like to sing the song...so need pinyin (or romanized) lyrics. Thanks I mean romanized lyrics of the taiwanese (or hokkien) song. I can't speak taiwanese but like to sing the song...so need pinyin (or romanized) lyrics. Thanks
i really love kaiser chiefs and snow patrol. do you know any others like that?  thanx sooo much:]
Does anyone know if this is the song that has the video of the girl with her headphones on dancing in different places? If not what song is it, I am pretty sure its that Scooter song but I could be wrong.
 not the ipod commercial, the camera commercial
Eg Rap
either or.
Theres this song and Im pretty sure its called Key of Life by Michelle Wilson. Ive looked on Limewire and Itunes and I cant find it anywhere! Does anyone know where I could get it from? Thankyou
Who was your favourite band that played?
How do you learn how to do this with your voice? You can fast forward to 2:38 secs watch out for the \"woo boy bit\"  http://youtube.com/watch?v=-z8iJTCQqFs  how do yu do it, i understand she's one of the best singers but i've heard others do that kind of thing too. any tips 5 minutes ago - 3 days left to answer.
And I can't help but remember bout that sad day in September when u took my heart and just ran away. & I can't help but think about that guy thats gonna make me miss out on you, but dont worry i will get through this, but my heart seems to be in the way
You can fast forward to 2:38 secs watch out for the \"woo boy bit\"  http://youtube.com/watch?v=-z8iJTCQqFs  how do yu do it, i understand she's one of the best singers but i've heard others do that kind of thing too. any tips
it goes something like didnt need you before i met you so dont need you now.. gonna meet someone twice as cute?  any help is appreciated :]  x
I am a self-diagnosed manic depressive, and am currently in a depressed mood for no reason. Usually when this happens I turn to music. Finding new songs I love makes me happy again. Any song suggestions with a happy/cheerful vibe and/or good lyrics? Please, no rap or country. Thanks for the help =)
I would like to know every single song that AC/DC ever released.  All the way from when Bon Scott was lead singer to Brian Johnson.  I know its a hard question but I want to get every song of theirs on my MP3 Player.  Thanks a bunch! You can take a few days to come up with all of them! They don't have to be in order but there has to be all of them! Thanks!!!!
I was watching the hits when I came across it - it was by a band of 4 people. It was definitely a rock band and the video clip had the words 'HIGHLANDER' as well.. i'm really not sure about the lyrics.. they were something like \"never forget... think about tomorrow\" Please help out! Its by a new rock band I think..  and they have typical rock hairstyles..  the video features them playing to an audience ...
I like slow (some people say 'sad') songs - normally with guitar or piano, sometimes cello or violin. Some of my favourites include \"Breathe me\" - Sia \"9 Crimes\" - Damien Rice \"All I need\" - Matt Kearney (I can list many more if you like) I don't like songs with too many instruments all at once (ie; guitar + bass + heavy drums + piano) but love guitar with plucking or slow melodic piano songs. Thanks if you can help out :) (Thanks, but I already have Coldplay, Daniel Powter and Augustana:) )
Can anyone maybe send me an mp3 of Beethoven's Minuet in G, please or maybe a good website I can visit to find this particular mp3? The sites if gone to through Yahoo amd Google has it, but of very poor quality.
THe song Gal that got away originally by frank sinatra. in the movie holly is singing to the tv with a woman singing it  my question is who is the girl? and what movie is it? please help and thanks so much if you can!!
Ok, I love songs with great meanings. Some of the bands I like are Fall Out Boy, Howie Day and Jimmy Eat World. Any songs that you know I would like? Btw, Dont say songs By Jimmy Eat World, Fall Out Boy and Howie Day coz Id already Have them. lol  10 points if you have good music taste and I like the songs you recomended!! Peacex
I'm simply curious. I've been listening to Jeezy religiously for several years now, but I don't know much about his background/gang affiliation. All comments are welcome, and thank you.  -Jeff-  P.S. - Is anyone else stoked about his new CD? 'The Recession' will be the first CD I've bought in several years... The link below is a cool video that promotes the new CD, starring Jeezy himself!  DefSounds.com - The Recession: EPK  http://www.defsounds.com/videos/Young_jeezy_the_recession_epk
There are so many songs like \"Yeah, I'm a bad boy\".. but is there a song which makes fun of this attitude or points out the consequences? To Xerxes: I'm neither a bod nor a good guy. I'm a D cup blonde. And my question is serious
Recently, I've discovered a band called Rain Delay. As luck would have it, I really like their music. Thing is, no one carries their album, 'As I Bequeath My Yesterday' anywhere; their being from what was Yugoslavia might have something to do with this.  If anyone could tell me where I could find their album, I would highly appreciate it. Thanks!
There is This R and B Song...I Once Heard It On The Ed Lover Morning SHow.He Dedicated To Them,,.And It Dealt With Russel Simmons And Kimora BReaking Up..Its Kind Of A Old School SOng...And All I knoow Is Theirs A Lady And SHes SInging...\"Living in high...Society.....Living in high ..Society...I Really Like That Song...PLZ HELP
when he was in the train ?he said i am a soldier and i cant remember anything else about he song
On The 4th Of July It Was My Prom And We Had Some Dance Music In The Background And One Of The Songs Went Like This   \"Ooooh Boy Everybody Say Way-Oh! WAY-OH!\"  (This Is The Chorus)  It Is Sung In A Reasonablly Higher Voice And Repeats This Atleast 3 Times In The Chorus, Can Someone Tell me What The Artist And The Song Is called Because It Brings Back Memories!
i personally dont like it. here is the link: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8XC7idFyvE i dont get it. usually her songs are great. but this one is just nasty! booboo you are great1 same as me! i hate it but i listen to it :s i dont get it! lol
well, i just wish i knew who the girl in the adele music video, chasing pavements, is.  i'm sure it's nearly impossible to figure out, but maybe someone knows. please help
what are some love songs from the rock genre and by who? nothing about heartbroken.
I'm just wondering if I can get scores for famous songs sang by artists nowadays.. ( or any scores at all) This is for a band thing and I'm not that talented to just listen and identify the chords or the score in other words
The main riff follows the singer, and he sings something like:  Bap, da, da da da da  The chorus doesn't follow that riff, and the only lyric I can remember is \"She [something, something] slowly.., She..\"  It's NOT 'Cupid's Chokehold', by Gym Class Heroes.
hey dudes =] i am 15 well i want to write a song i play guitar and have had singing lessons for the past 5 years i do music as a subject at school and have to compose a song i really need to write lyrics but i cant think of much and what i do think of is boring and pretty common  so anything would help like a poem or lyrics you made up or just aa sentence  btw i wont copy it completely, just get an idea  thanks heaps  =] xoxox
I just need some music that can relax me.. Not fussed about what type it is.
Has this acapella been released, i really want this one...
Hey guys n girl. please help!! Rnb song by a female artist. Sounds young. Its a fast pop rnb sound. here are some lyrics:  Chorus: Wont you let me ride in your impala boy  (repeated a few times)  he pull up to the lights  something somthing escalade  he said shorty its hot outside let me take you where u like  you can ride shotgun   Thats all i know and remember. Sorry. If you have a clue or sounds something like this.. please let me know  cheers
Hello guys..  I nid your help coz  im not good at music..!   could you help me  \"compare the musical style , singers and type of  music before and now! \"   Please I nid your help!!!
I only know that the video clip was a man laying on the grass and there were a little tiger and a little bear with him. The sound is a alternative/indie song and i have watched it on MTV and MCM.   Can someone help me and tell me whats the name of the artist/song, please?
its the Star Spangled Banner, here is the web address; http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i426pbQJZ_g
what album is the song \"entertaining angels\" by the newsboys (originally) off of? and what year was the album released?
The artist Linking Park wrote 2 songs that are very similar but the lyrics are very different. Can someone please (if you can) translate what the songs mean?  The Lyrics are to long i cannot add them, but here are the websites.  Esaul: http://www.lyrics007.com/Linkin%20Park%20Lyrics/Esaul%20Lyrics.html  A place for my head: http://www.lyrics007.com/Linkin%20Park%20Lyrics/A%20Place%20For%20My%20Head%20Lyrics.html
the lyrics are as follows  i don,t want to hurt him anymore don,t want to be the reason why, evertime i am out of the door, i see dying little one inside, i don,t want to be, a muderer.  thiese may cointain mistakes.
send me the link or the sites name!!
I heard dave say a song from fooy`s first album was a tribute
I tend to sing fairly high usually. In this recording I was struggling to get the lower notes a bit ... I don't think I'm a soprano, but I'm not sure. Can anyone tell me that my voice type is please? http://media.putfile.com/Both-Sides-Now-Cover-50 Isn't it? Here, try this one ... http://media.putfile.com/Both-Sides-Now-Cover-50 Thanks Old Know All ... I am actually taking singing lessons, I recorded this after about 3 lessons. I'm a bit better at singing from the diaphram now, but I find it really hard to do while I' m playing the guitar at the same time!
who sings the slightly older country song \"It Was 1970 Something\"? I wanna put it on myspace and have gone blank! Getting older, you know! Ist correct answer gets it!
any good sad acoustic songs about leaving someone you love/moving somewhere else?  thanks songs that make you want to look back at your life  something like \"i will follow you into the dark\" by death cab for cutie  and also any songs about leaving someone you love, moving somewhere else or missing someone...
What is the first two names of Scooters' frontman? Han Pete Hans Peter Harry Potter Henry Pringle  Name atleast TWO Tiestos' other names? Allure, Da Joker Guitarfire, Havover Cuircuit Plassenger Quite Bunch  What song did Cascada perform on GMTV to promote her \"Perfect Day\" album? Last Christmas What Hurts the Most Sk8er Boi What Do You Want from me  What is Natalie (Cascada) and DJ Manian (also Cascada) side project? Sirlia Siria Samuel Sammy  Infinity have taken part in which song contest? Eurovision Norweigan X Factor Norways' Got Talent  Which Freezepop song is featured in Dance Dance Revolution ULTRAMIX 3 video game? Stakeout Science Genius Girl Bike Thief Pop Music Is Not A Crime
Check it out www.myspace.com/keysofapollo
i know the gibson electrics are really really good but are the acoustics just as good
Who is the girl singing with him?
I tell you mine, mine is the 90s and 00s. What about yours people. Pick one to 3 music decade. Show your spirits people
Which one's cooler?
What is the Name of the song that Mos Def has about Katrina?  Also what album is it on?
Touch me / cause your love heals / I'll be waiting here until you call. Baby, touch me / cause your love heals / I'll start dialin' 911 cause I'm dyin' every day you're gone.
people call it the 'leekspin' song but we all know this song was around before the leekspin video.. <.<  http://youtube.com/watch?v=mKsMBRb7h6k
I'm interested in the history of music, mostly gothic rock and punk. Are there any short books on the subject?
It goes something like  Do the dance, do...the..dance  It has a girl that sounds young and has a very sly and high voice.
is there a difference? if there is then what is the difference? im a newbie at guitars (:
can anyone help me? thanks
I'd like to know what song this is, I can't find it anywhere except on youtube, and everything else I find is about this rock song from Genesis which has the same name.  So here's the track : http://youtube.com/watch?v=g4Fg99aWrTY  Thanks in advance ;).
What songs would you add to this Summer playlist? The songs don't have to be about Summer, but just make you think of Summer when you hear them. Give as many as you can, 10 points to the best answer!  Check out the playlist here http://www.imeem.com/mikeltrey/playlist/B_culUVB/summer_summer_summertime_music_playlist/
ANY SONG THAT YOU LOVE!!!  I'm thinking along the lines of classical but once again, ANYTHING!!!  I want to find the ultimate song... powerful, amazing, gives you a chill down your spine... you get the idea.  I will listen to every song. Please be specific. Thanks!
I know it's not much help but.  The music video was of what seemed like a haunted house and its a male singer in white make up. I guess the song is... pop?  The oh ohhh oh ohhhhh's are in the beggning of the song and it repeats a couple of times before going into the song. I cant for the life of me remember, but i want that song!  If you all need more help tell me ill try to think of more from the music video. Edit - Luna, I don't think that's it. Doesn't ring a bell. I had it on my MP3 player a few years back... but that computer and MP3 player are gone lol.
*I know this is a quote from a movie. I want to know the screamo song, where at the beginning someone yells \"I have come to chew bubble gum, and kick ass, and im allll out of bubble gum.\"  please help(: D:! thankyouu! so much. that's ittt.
how do people endup singing the national anthem at a game; such as a baseball game, football game...or anykind of game like that?! just curious...me and my friends love singing the dixie chicks version of this national anthem... and were actually kinda good. how can we endup performing that song for games?!?!?! thanks for all your help, for the people that answered at least! =)
I didn't find it on youtube, its a corolla commercial, the car is white and the commercial is mostly in white colors, and the music sounds a bit like guitar but i'm not sure, i love it!! anyone knows what its called?? thanks) no..this isn't the one..
I dont think I can sing. But many people have told me I can. But I do not believe em. I would like some input plz. myspace.com/894192006
I have some sheet music and can sing the notes but I don't have sheet music for every song I sing and I don't \"get\" key signatures.  My voice teacher accompanies my exercises but isn't a strong sight reader and can't always figure out the key with confidence.  He can tell me my first note but transposing a whole song is a challenge. I want to sing with bands/orchestras. What steps do I need to take?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fi0LJPMTWVg  Under-rated band in my opinion.. Most modern hard-rock bands can't compete with this, it is my imagination of what hard-rock bands should sound like..
this song is actually like \"himala\" ..or same category,, im living abroad,and i'm trying this past few days to download all pinoy song's now,,then when i listen to himala, i remember this song,i tried to find whose the singer/band but its really hard.. i remember it says about pag-asa,,na wag mag-alala dahil kung nghihirap ka me tulad mu ring nghihirap something like that..pls help me this is important to me as pinay,,i think it's a band in 90's ,,,thanks
These are some of the lyrics:  \"i'm afriad of the dark i don't want to see i ghost i'd rather eat a piece of toast or watch the news  i'm a very supersticous girl dont want to walk under a ladder\"
I dont kno waht its called or who its by but i can only remember this line: \"sexy, everything about mes so sexy\"  any ideas ????
i vant mp3 version of this song nd cannot find it ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9mGhuvqlFo plz help...
What does that mean exactly???
Who made that son  Wig, Wig Wig and then they say wig and there i singing and rapping Its by somebody like C.O.A. baby but cant find it
I'm doing a parody musical on few songs, and I'm gonna do a story about guys and girls fighting, see they were just flirting (I used beautiful girls by Sean Kingston for the guys and the reply by JoJo for the girls) and the it got kinda out of control, what song represents the best? oh, after the fight we're gonna do a number on where's the love by Black Eyed Peas, anyone can help me? or give comments... the short plot is that boys and girls are fighting, some other kids are the ones who got them all together, and they all sing in happy ever after thing...  thanks for anyone who help!
i got into them a week ago and just brought individual songs by them. wondering which of the albums i should download
I apologize I need to brush up on my spanish, so forgive me for the mistakes... --------------------------------------------------------------------------- It's a guy singing the song...  I believe the song starts out acoustic or without sound and starts like this:  \"Ya no quiero *yo ar* y no quiero *sufrir* necessito tu amor... yo me muerdo sin ti...\"  **= spelling or just unsure of part.  Sorry, It isn't much.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pm9LAXtin8s
I have won around 20 talent shows so far and everything, I am 15. I have some problems though. When i sing every now and then my voice will go out as i'm singing. And if it doesn't go out completely it becomes very squkey. Any advice on what this could be. I can't control it and i can't have it happening. Anyone else have these problems. Any help at all would be appreciated.
In the song Lat Oss Ta Allt Fran Varandra, what are the girl's words?
I mean the proper studio version (so no laughter track) that was originally released on the Gin Soaked Boy single in 1999
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONBrs8UubAk&feature=related  i vant mp3 of this song and cannot find it naywhere...plz help
When I start playing my Telecaster, it starts off just fine, but then after about 5 minutes the sound will get really quiet and i can still barley hear it in the amp, then after like 10 seconds it will come back. It does this with all the 3 pick up selections. It repeats this like every 30 seconds after the first time it happens. I dont know whether its the wiring or if its a volume control knob or even just the pick ups.  I had taken it apart and looked inside for any apparent wiring problems in the past and everything looked normal, I just rearranged the wires a little bit and it didnt cut out for a month or so now its doing it again. I have basic knowledge of scematics and im not a soldering pro. Please help me!?!?!
do you know the name of the song that says oh like it like it???
The Gorillaz is a mixture of hip hop and electronic, and they make the exact type of music that I would make if I had the instruments. Do any of you have any ideas as to what type of keyboards/synths, drum machines, etc. the Gorillaz use to make their music?
new and old. im kind of new to country but i don't know what to listen to other than Johnny Cash.
I am sick of listening to the same tracks over and over. I want to get some new ones, but there is a catch, i am so over love songs! There must be something to listen to that is not sappy, but still appropriate to listen to in public. forgot to mention, its a retail job, womens fashion specifically. The women who shop with us vary in age considerably, so has to be appropriate for all. But if i hear another cheesy boy meets girl boy loses girl, boy wins girl back type thing i just might have to quit!
can you suggest any?  just broke up, feelin lonely, want some good old rock n roll breakup songs
i dont remember how it goes but is say \"all i can do\" in it. also a guy was singing it. that is all i know about it.
I looking for a songtitle with the something like this in the refrain:  \"do you remember .. the 22nd (?) of november\"  I think it's always something like \"do you remember .. \" and then a date in september, november, december, ...  think it's a discosong.  hope someone can help :-)
is under pressure to kick out Amy Winehouse- esque music? Cause when Amy's cd first dropped they said she was doing the music that Lauryn WISHES she could do. Lauryns cd dropped and i didnt even know- i saw it in the store today for $20.00....   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9JMNguhPW7k i think her voice works with this song....then again im the B-side type chick anyways.....
It's killing me, I've wasted hours of my life looking for one mp3. I really need help. I've tried all free websites... tried limewire, tried youtube, tried just everything. please help It's not on youtube... >.> -It's not on youtube -I'm not gonna spend anymony...even if only 15 cents
here's the lyrics..  i wanna let you know that you don't have to go don't wanna do no more what i think about you, what i think about you boy..  hope that helps..  thanks in advance..
I know a few of the lyrics and i know its about the Titanic they lyrics i know are \"Husbands and Wives, little children lost their lives, it was sad when that great ship went down.
about a girl trying to take control in a relationship. Nothing specific. Just has to be the punk/rock/emo/alternative style. Oldies or newies. IDC. It's for the mix i am making and thats what would happen to fit.  OR  about a guy trying to decide which girl to choose to start a relationship with. Also for my mix. Another route i could take with the point that i'm at.
I just went on myspace to catch up with some people since everyone's moving and they're too lame to call me. I viewed my friend's profile and she described herself as \"emo.goth.tomboy.flirt. <3\" and her profile song was Lollipop by Lil Wayne and for some reason that made me laugh so hard my mom asked me what's wrong. And what gets to me is that she was literally a prep 2 weeks ago. She dresses in $1000 outfits, lives in a MANSION, and goes to a private school in Hawaii and yet her life is so horrible she has to take 30 myspace pics of her with her hair in front of her face and skulls painted in with captions such as \"I really do know how it feels\". I don't get it!!     sorry, I'm just venting. So I guess I have to have a question... Why are people who are \"emo\"...\"emo\"?? Why?    poll: What was your last music purchase? urger,  I know \"emo\" means \"emotional\" but she also called herself \"goth\".
I heard about it like a week ago on this site but I didn't bookmark it.....  If you have it can you include a download link????
I recently bought terminate on sight (the Gunit album) and i already own Beg for mercy which came out in 2003. After listening to both, BFM sounds so far ahead of TOS, i dont get it. Sounds are just so plain and simple on it. Dont know if anyone agrees.
its an old skool song and its not by the cindy girl its not girls just wanna have some fun
on 98.7,Like 4 songs ago. it souned Llke: Id thought id end up with you du du du dudu du he sounds german
Basically i wanna be a new man, tired of the old one, out with the old plan\"
should be mid-price $15-20? and do they usually stock the first 4 albums?  thanks
I certainly do. It's very underrated. A forgotten gem by the great Harrison.
i was just wondering. i have only taken one lesson - am planning on taking more, but was wondering if the breakpoints ever \"improve\" in your voice, or do you just have to work with them for the rest of your life and make them less noticable (ie. smooth over the transitions from chest to head, etc)?  my breakpoint from chest to head seems REALLY low (i'm a female w/ a low voice).  i am wondering if there is hope to increase that breakpoint higher, or if i just need to try other things.  Thanks!
There was a show on an old channel called the International Music Feed and it was called \"Hello World\". They did a show on Finland and I can only remember TikTak and Apocalyptica being mentioned. There was another \"band\" with a girl as a lead singer and a guy rapper. I was wondering if anyone knew the band I'm talking about?
Ok, it's the song they play whenver they showcase the CD's. It sounds like it has bagpipes or keyboard with a really electronic sound.   Sounds maybe something like this da de da duh duh duh da duh duh duh
I know part of the lyrics...... \"I was thinkin the other day, what if Looney Toons sang praise, they'd be singing grace, in a whole new way\"   I'm not 100% accurate on the Lyrics, I know, but any help for the name of the song I am looking for would be awesome. :)
Dirty, dirty rough and raw. . . .  fuck the law
what are their names and where do they come from and what do you think is their best song? im doing a \"newspaper report\" for my school's newsletter and i have to write as much as i can about them. i need infomation, the more the better! please help, THANKS! :) i need to know who is who, like what do each of them look like. thanks.
i have tried looking every where and cant get a copy of the song from the movie saw i even tried googleing it and got a bunch of subscription sites and even got a virus from a site that i tried so if some one could tell me a site from which i can get this song and other songs by fear factory that would be great thanks.
I'll be attending a show soon and I want to know how you meet them. Do you go a few hours before the show starts and look for them somewhere [close to the buses I'm guessing]? Or do you leave the concert early and wait outside where the tour buses are? Where exactly are the tour buses? Are they hidden?
Ok my name is Logan Dane Hodge. I'm a rapper and I need a good name. When I rap I story tell about things I've been through or saw. If you can't think of a good name 4 me tell some way I can come up with one myself. Yo I've been in da game for 1 1/2 years now. So don't say I'm just one more 14 year old dat thinks he can rap. I know I can rap. I've proved dat time and time again. No I'm no rich kid like dat bitch Lil' Wayne. I'm a middle class kid dats trying to make it in the rapping biz. For the one dude white people can rap. It matters on skill. Not race. I was and still am bullied because people say that I'm white so I probaly can't rap and good. But I've been in the game for a while now and I'm pretty good. So dude your just like the people who doubted me.
hi i play bass. i like to know some of the best rock basslines
this questions r related with music album...coz me n ma frenz planned 2 come out with a tamil hip hop album in malaysia....i've named maself as MC BrammaHPuthrA....tht means De son of d creator...so do u hav. any fantastic suggestions 2 name me with even a better name... n another quest iz...bout ma lyrics ....i need some powerful lyric 2 say out tht not every boyz in da world is bad....i meant (PLAYBOYZ)...i'll be waitin n pls help me out with tis TQ
So remember one thing, There's someone who loves, Whatcha got,  someone who see's  ......... all of the reasons to hold you up so high... someone who finds, in every step, a glimpse of divine ...... someone who reads you  and starts with..  I dont know the rest?? HELP! :)
ok.  I haven't been sleeping I've got something to say It's a secret I'm keeping This is the price I pay  If I can't tell you the way I feel My heart will stay tangled Until I know this feeling is real My hope won't be dangled By a thread filled with dread  Believe me, I wish I could tell you But around you I'm so insecure My legs start shaking and my heart starts beating Is this normal?  Well, I'm not sure  If I can't tell you the way I feel My heart will stay tangled Until I know this feeling is real My hope won't be dangled By a thread filled with dread  I'm keeping my words And my secrets and my lies Locked up in a little chest And In that little chest Is a beating heart
I'm a 16 year old drummer looking for a band to play with, what are some good ways to find some bands?? I've put up posters at local music stores but not too much luck...any ideas to find some local bands in need of a drummer??
http://youtube.com/watch?v=qgoh5ZilPqw&feature=related
 is lonely a dance song????? no...
Was it HIM or Lacuna Coil? Or did someone else do it before either of them?
I need bands with a female singer, that are rock or metal. Not Evanescence, i was hoping for something specific i heard on the radio. She had a voice like the within temptation singer. (Not Nightwish) Please help it was a good song, (i can't even remember how it goes though) i just remember it was awesome......
OMG this has got to be one of the funniest songs i've heard lately, here is a link where you can hear it.   http://www.musicremedy.com/audio/index.cfm?FuseAction=ShowAudioPlayer&AudioId=21768&Quality=5  (lyrics below enjoy! i know i did)  J: Ooohhh....ooooh.... I just wanna, I just wanna B: Just wanna do something special for all the Ladies in the World J: Oh yes (J) B: Just wanna do somethin' special J: Ah (J) B: For all the Ladies in the world J: Is that possible? (J) B: And the gir-rls Don't forget them girls J: Caribbean B: (Ladies) J: Parisian B: (Ladies) J: Bolivian B: (Ladies) J: Namibian B: (Ladies) J: Eastern Indochinian B: (Ladies) J: Republic of Dominican B: (Ladies) J: Amphibian B: (Ladies) J: Presbyterian B: (Ladies) J: Outta sight B: Amazin' ladies J: Late night B: Hard workin' ladies J: Erudite B: Brainy ladies J: Hermaphrodite B: Lady-man-ladies J: Oh you sexy hermaphrodite lady-man-ladies With your sexy lady bits And your sexy man bits too Even you must be in to you ooo ooo B+J: All the ladies in the world I wanna get next to you Show you some gratitude By makin' love to you it's the least we can do... B+J: If every soldier in the wo-orld Put down his weapon and picked up a woman What a peaceful world this world would be-eee... B+J: Redheads not warheads Blondes not bombs We're talkin' about brunettes not fighter jets J: Oooh Oooh it's got to be Sweet 16's not M-16's When will the governments realize it's got to be funky sexy ladies? B: I have a vision and all I can see Is all of you with 'a all of me In a world of peace and harmony Where every lady gets a little piece of Bret-y J: I've been to Paris, Wellington and Amsterdam And a wham-bam, Merci, Danke, thank 'a you ma'm I don't care if you're ugly or you're skanky or you're small I just wanna do a little something special for y'all...
Both are fake bands, but have some pretty good music- my question is, which box set should I buy?
anyone know the name of the track and where i can find it? it plays when he gets to the imperial rodeo in texas. i dont know much about country music but i really like it. goes something like.. \"driving all night, too many miles to go, pedal to the metal listening to the radio... \"
mkay, my mom was telling me about this song that she remembers. she can only remeber the beat but it sounds like the instuments used in oochie wally by nas, and when the chinese girl that sings in R.kellys thiong thiong. she knows its some kind of rapper that raps in it.its like some kind of hindu,or indian girl that sings like r.kellys song thiong thiong.idk..she recalls that it might b made in 1999 through 2001......please help its been bugging me...Thanks! it will b greatly appreciated!...
I have no problem paying for the download (I am not looking for p2p downloads). I just cannot find it anywhere! It is an AMAZING song at the end of the movie FOREVER LULU. SOOO great for getting over a breakup...I need it!
i live in australia, and im always missing out on the greatest concerts and i was wondering is there a website that can send me these updates by givibg them my email... or something like that.
Hello guys..  I nid your help coz  im not good at music..!   could you help me   \"compare the musical style , singers and type of  music before and now! \"   Please I nid your help!!!
g-unit/byrdgang  personally i thought they were both pretty mediocre but the songs money right and splash were cool, and so was straight outta southside.  but nothing great.  Hip hop's still dead.
because im leaving on vaction soon and want some good new music to listen to.
I know of those artists who make long mixes with several different songs in it and they blend the songs together and sometimes make like a live remix by using just the vocals from one song and the beat from another, my ultimate goal is to learn how \"Girl Talk- Play your part (pt.1)\" songs like that are made together.
This song has to be pretty old but what i remeber is this guy with a theremometer and he is singing and then he crashes it i dont remeber any words to it though
i keep on looking and i cant find it plz help
i have no clue what its called or who sings it, but that song used to be played on the radio during 2004. i only remember some of the lyrics. one part goes like: \"wannabe wannabe wannabe wannabe, where where where where\"  and theres line where he goes \"you've got a friend who looks just like Micheal jackson.\"
Does anyone know a trustworthy site where you can download Arashi's songs? Please help! O.o Umm... I dont have Limewire or Emule, and I'm not allowed to download them. Unknown Reason from parents >.>
also how can u tell which song is acoustic?
All these bands one stage one day.  Puddle of Mudd, Eve 6, Saving Abel, Rev Theory, and Al Williams Band (don't know who they are)
The video had mainly girls in the band if not all but they had red flashing lights where their hearts were...and the had on i think all white...Its like 2 years old. Please help me
WHATS THE NAME OF THIS SONG I CANT FIND THE NAME IT GOES LIKE  ain't sweatin it im betting it, ...  hoes like cornrows fake titties yes i bought both of those.....   you dont know (know) (knoww)  fresh like i just stepped out of the dryer...  stay low the cops are spyin
Her face is a map of the world Is a map of the world You can see she's a beautiful girl She's a beautiful girl And everything around her is a silver pool of light The people who surround her feel the benefit of it It makes you calm She holds you captivated in her palm  Suddenly I see (Suddenly I see) This is what I wanna be Suddenly I see (Suddenly I see) Why the hell it means so much to me  I feel like walking the world Like walking the world You can hear she's a beautiful girl She's a beautiful girl She fills up every corner like she's born in black and white Makes you feel warmer when you're trying to remember What you heard She likes to leave you hanging on her word  Suddenly I see (Suddenly I see) This is what I wanna be Suddenly I see (Suddenly I see) Why the hell it means so much to me  And she's taller than most And she's looking at me I can see her eyes looking from a page in a magazine Oh she makes me feel like I could be a tower A big strong tower She got the power to be The power to give The power to see  Suddenly I see (Suddenly I see) This is what I wanna be Suddenly I see (Suddenly I see) Why the hell it means so much to me
Also, is there an \"original\" version of Greensleeves\"?
ive got all H.I.M's singles but i dont know whalt else of theres to get so what are your favorite songs by H.I.M that arent singles. i love there songs behind the crimson door, vampire heart, and love said no, venus doom, bleed well.
what is the song that goes \"I got money and you know it\" something something something. Lol. Anyways, I think T-Pain is in it. Thank you soo much! :D
I really need them!!!!!!
is there a registration code i can use to get auto tune 5 i just dont have the money for it i fixed my settings you can now email me
I just got some new alpine 12\" typer R subs.  What's the best song in your playlist for breakin' them in?
Hey everyone :)  does anyone know the name of that songg....i only know a little bit...it goes sumthing like \" you thought nothing went your way so hold on hold on\"  its an old song and in the filmclip there is a kid sitting on a roof....i need itt urgently!! please help =] sorry another bit.....Hold on Cause im coming..if that helps?
Many thanks!
I need a punk/emo/alternative/rock song that has the name of some kind of chemical in it. Whether it be Windex or Chlorine, i don't care, i just need some type of chemical.  Why? Because i am making a mix and the mix is going to make its own story and i have the powerpuff girls theme to start off and eventually im going to put in Cute is What We Aim for's Doctor in it, you know the part that say, i took the chemicals we took to make our chemistry, and i remixed it blah blah. So for the powerpuff girls song, I am replacing Chemical X with a different chemical to start the new song.  The songs can be oldies or newies, it just has to be in the punk, emo, alternative, rock etc. genre.  Thanks for you help!!  Best answer to the one that i use.  Feel free to give me one that is NOT of that genre, in case nobody gives me a better one.  Thanks again!!
Some of the lyrics: More whisky more weed real sticky no seeds  I was listening to it with a frienddd now i dont know what it isss
or \"just one more touch\" and i know it's a pretty old song.  it's sung by a female. i know my description is really vague, but does anyone know it?
they made the people look small dancing on the dashboard man on steering wheel thrwing a frizby for his dog  then a group playing in the glove box so who was it that sang this song please help
From the album The End on All Things To Come, the song Skrying throse me for a loop.  Some people make refrence to the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn but no explanation is included, so someone help me out.
a lady sings \"but i'm scared of fallin in love\" and also \"como explicar, lo que es amor\" sometin like that its some reggaeton artist and a woman
ok so me and my friend have been playing music together for a while and we wanted to play some open mics but wanted to have a name first. we are having alot of trouble coming up with names so suggestions would be great!  oh and its just the two of us and all the songs we've done so far are acoustic if that helps any! thanks for the help!!! our names are madi and sarah if that helps any
whats the name and whos the singer??
who's new cd r u most excited 4? I'm excited for Lily Allen Stuck OnThe Naughty Step
I've seen many pictures of people chatting with SHINee members.  like..   http://i297.photobucket.com/albums/mm211/onii43/013c9788.jpg  and   http://i297.photobucket.com/albums/mm211/onii43/shineeforun.jpg  But i can't find the website for it. TT^TT does anyone know..?
Find me musical scores / songs / pieces with the following: 1. Orchestral or Orchestral Rock 2. Has some Rock into it. 3. Has no lyrics 4. Sounds Apocalyptic 5. Sounds like a Mass Requiem 6. Will make you feel like the END is near 7. Long 8. Sounds like a Battle Theme
i havent really heard to many songs similar to this ALSO ANY SIMILAR TO OKAY I BELIVE YOU BUT TOMMY GUN DONT
Ok so I'm surprising my Boyfriend by taking him to the up coming Slipknot/Disturbed concert... And the tickets I am buy for us are section 202 row BBB. Is this section/row a good view...?
pls type the lyrics also ?
heres the thing.. i want to buy the rapper common be album in canada.. and i was wondering were i can purchase the special edition album with the dvd ... dvd+cd package
Does anyone know a song called you turn me on? That is like underground and hip hop?
i like those alternative rock songs. no screamo please, and i would appreciate love songs too. thanks for the help  p.s.  i already have paramore fm static switchfoot lifehouse faber drive the fray  so you could suggest other artists too. thanks
I need a punk/emo/alternative/rock song that has the name of some kind of chemical in it. Whether it be Windex or Chlorine, i don't care, i just need some type of chemical.  Why? Because i am making a mix and the mix is going to make its own story and i have the powerpuff girls theme to start off and eventually im going to put in Cute is What We Aim for's Doctor in it, you know the part that say, i took the chemicals we took to make our chemistry, and i remixed it blah blah.  The songs can be oldies or newies, it just has to be in the punk, emo, alternative, rock etc. genre.   Thanks for you help!!  Best answer to the one that i use.  Feel free to give me one that is NOT of that genre, in case nobody gives me a better one.  Thanks again!! i am replacing chemical x in the powerpuff girls theme, that is where the new song will start.
A guy breaking your heart and you trying to get over him.. and he already likes another girl.   Thanks in advance.
me an two of my friends want to create a band, but we only want to sing like the sugababes or girls aloud, but we can't think of a decent name. We are called Alice Amber and Fern, we don't want the name to be extreamly girly or rocky we just want a simple fun name. We are all 13. xxxx
i want to download more songs but i like songs that not everyone is listing to i like \"special\" songs hehe does anyone know any? or just tell me your favorite song
Go to youtube.com and add \"/watch?v=NdYAD0kl-J8\" to go to the video. I would like the song name and artist. Thank you
Is there such a thing? Alternatively, is there some way that Acoustic Mixcraft can be changed so that the computer keyboard works as an input device to create notes?
Dream, Extinguished by Danny! (Danile Swain)  download free OR somewhere to buy it...  it unreleased, so any help is great! *daniel swain
there is a song i don't think its very popular but i doubt anyone has heard it but it goes. i love her with all that i am.  and my voice shakes along with my hand. she ----- something. and i rather be on land. or something. pleeasee help.
Im looking for a song. All i remeber from the song is, all by my self. In a fast up beat kinda sound. Its a guy singer sounds like blink182 or something. and its not the old version sad all by my self its a pumped up im doing fine all by my self kinda song
Here is some of the lyrics in it iTS A ROCK SONG  \"I promise i wont let you down if you take my hand tonight\"  help please ^^
All I know is that its a rock band and when it starts there is a helicopter in the beggining and its reall fast singing
I can't find Burin' up by the jonas brothers on Limewire. The only version is like a concert one. Can someone who's downloaded th right one e-mail it to me here: chargerhatr@cox.net sorry wrong e-mail it's chargerhatr@yahoo.com
I've heard it sung on House of Payne, and you can listen to it here too. I want to get it, but I don't know how.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWZHnOy-Nn0
the backing beat and piano (?) sounds real familiar..is it used in another song....?
party ft. g-dragon
I bet it's quite a famous song, I just can't find it anywhere. It's sort of pop, and the video of it has bright 80's colours I looked their songs up on YouTube but no.. unfortunately it does not sound like Janis Joplin nor like Grace Slick... =/
i cant decide they are both great can you help me choose and provide reasons?
I have \"Pleasure Victim\" with the song \"The Metro,\" and \"Sex.\" That album is excellent - every song on it is great. What are some other CD's?  Thanks! No, their in their 50's now, and Terri Nunn still looks friggin hot. She may be a little younger than 50, in fact I think she is.  8-tracks were too early for them. They were an 80's band. The early records went to vinyl, and the rest were pressed onto CD.
PLEASE. I LOVE THIS SONG!!!
i think rock bands have much more talent cuz for the most part they write and play most of there music!  for the most part they dont have to share the mic with someome else to sell records!  rock bands do remakes which i dont like, hip hop samples and they buy beats and lay tracks on top of them which i dont see rock bands as much
red headphones??? just red no other colours. and not so big ones.
i want to download some really deep cool surf guitar music, who are some artists, dont say like the ventures or the beach boys i like them but thats not what i mean, and i already know about Dick Dale and the Mermen k thanks guys
i just found out about them today and realy like but wondering which album t get
okay so the songs goes like this: \"arrah arrah (bird/seagull noises) bebe cocoa plarah, no can do, cuz you know that i love ya so i play it shy\" = its kinda like that. idk. so thanks if you know the title. ha.
and there in space and the blue octopus is attacking the spaceship its and older song like 2000-2003
I want to start learning to drum, so I want to get a drum set.  I'm looking for a 5-piece set (hopefully with cymbals and all that included). But I'm on a low budget. What should I get? I've been reading some reviews of various drum sets that are cheap but have been rated high. The only thing is that in most of the reviews they suggest getting new heads and new cymbals. So what's the point of getting a set if it's so bad that you have to replace the heads right away?
Here are some of the lyrics, i've looked everywhere and cannot find out the name or who sings it!! --- There is a little boy who's always on his own, has no companion doesn't know which way to go, one day a little girl will pass his little way, will look into his eyes and he will hear her say: A little boy come take my hand and follow me, let's walk down to the promised land just follow me, yeah, without a worry or a care just follow me yeah, take my hand and lead me there, just follow me. And soon this little girl will steal his little heart....  etc...
The top 10 answerers in RHH at the top of the page is it ranked by best answers in this category?  RHH: What RHH artist do you wish would have more popularity?
ok i'm a kelly fan & im wandering r there any websites out there that has her remixes for FREE DOWNLOAD!!!!! or to just listen to it! & i have limewire & ive searched the net pretty thorughly! ps: if u dont have a answer/do not know then please DO NOT REPLY! cuz im after a actual answer & not ur lame/rude opinions about wat u think of my musical taste!!!!!!>__< so just give me a answer people(s)!...please.
like same kind of music or songs. also some japeneses music related to Aural Vampire?
i know a smidge of the lyrics:  ladies, put your hands up in the air ladies  then  boys you think you think you got it..   PLEASE tell me!!
I can't remember the song but the music video was either an actual video or an appearance on a TV show (variety). The woman is dressed in a while, what looks to be jumpsuit type of outfit and I can't remember much of the guy, but I'm swaying towards it being Kenny Rogers. The video is of one or both of them standing at the top of a staircase, going in opposite directions and meeting eachother at the bottom. Any ideas?
a party that like is implying lets have a good time  and get crazy. :)
really crazy and fast paced.....perfect for any rave or party etc...
the song is considerd rock and alternative but it sucks yo me can anyone agree?
I found them by accident and now I just adore everything that they did. Great smooth sound...acoustic..with Latin flav....
Title:Walk with me in hell Artist:Lamb of God Album:Sacrament Genre:Metal Release Date:2006 Track:1
What's the name of the song that Will and Carlton dance to in this vid?  http://youtube.com/watch?v=Ujh9vr6cSTU&feature=related
Does anyone know any good songs that is like r&b but have a good up beat to it? Like R&b with hip hop and underground?  And the song and artist is NOT very known? Like NOT played on the radio? PLEASE HELP! Thank you (:
Does the answerer get any points or what?
its been a really long time, but i think it was something about being in a backyard?? hahaha i sound stupid, but whatever. can someone help me?!!! i really liked it!
Many people bash or shutdown a whole music genre without actual research or first-hand experience of on another . With that being said , here are my views of what many music genres accel in .  Rap/Hip-Hop:For the most part , it's all in the lyrics and finding a good beat to go with it . That's damn hard . Rock:Like many Rap/Hip-Hop bashers would say , knowledge of guitar , drum and/or bass . Country:That tough or melodic voice . I'm not sure about the strengths of this genre , please post if you know . R&B:Beautiful voice  , and for modern R&B I think it's a beautiful voice coupled with a beat . Electronic:Skill to make or find a perfect beat .     The point I'm trying to make here is that all music takes skill , it's just the amount of skill it takes to make it . Another thing that this subject that gets me so heated is that haters usually don't compare the similarities that rock and rap have , both are music that was great in it's earlier years .
its a music video of this man in london and he is getting chased by this robot from a car factory and it looks really real.  i cant remember the band!!!  any help would be great thanks
i have just heard a few lines of a song and i was wondering if anyones knows what it is. its pretty slow and its a guy, possible a band. the lyrics i know are something like \"ive never met a girl like you before\" and \"a girl like you is hard to find\"....any clue?? its new i think!!!
its a rap song and ever so often there is a girl vocal that says \"Supreme, supreme\" its driving me wild, i cant remember what song it is and i dont know any other lyrics, some one please help AHH
it is a very bouncy song, i think from the 90's.... it goes something like tu-tu-ru    tu-ru   tu-ru   tu-ru   tu-ru    tu-ru-tu-tu-ru(sorry for being vague) i will be very amazed if somebody gets it... it has no lyrics, i think,.
Okay the only lyrics i know are...\"I'm alive...i'm alive, i can feel all around me think i need u, (something i didnt get), holding on to what i'm feeling......I had to give it to you know u want me all again, i believe u, i believe u, i can feel u all around me, think u need me?......please help, its a female kinda sounds like Avril Lavienge but i'm not sure..i looove this song but the radio never says the name of the person please help me with the name of this song...i really want it! Thanks!!! thanks...Cassey H..that was the song....oh my god i absolutely love that song i am so happy i know the name now i can go get the cd.........
I could google it but Im lazy!
She's been coming back with her new album, just wondering what you guys thought about her music. I actually really liked \"concrete rose,\" so my fav song is probably: U.
do you know any bands like this? Anticon  Low Pressure Conspiracy  there like underground experimental hip-hop music its not like  electronic and stuff it has like rapping and its got usual some nice beats idk look it up and see if u kno any other bands like that cuz i like listening to them when im skating plz thcx
Okay. So. One day, I was reading about Pete Wentz on Wikipedia, and it said his suicide attempt was put into song, 7 Minutes In Heaven. So I downloaded it [or what I thought the song was] on limewire a while ago and now listen to it a lot. Like most FOB songs, I coudn't really understand what good ol' Patty was saying, so I googled the lyrics. I came upon a whole different song, which is really 7 minutes in heaven.  I'm so confused ><
its a recent country song, and its a guy talking about how the girl never cried in front of him, so he didn't know she was letting go?  I heard it today, and dont know what its called.
It has the beat of that \"you gotta lick it\" song by 20 fingers
I'll start off easy for you. All answers must be exact! To the exact letter and word!   James Brown & (Fill in the blank)  Name This Song and Group? (Blessing all my subjects cast afar in security)  Name the original performers on Soul Train Season 1 Episode 1? Heres a hint : (GKTPEKTHCBH) I can't give you more than that! You figure it out.   The Stumper! Who paid for Bill \"Bojangles\" Robinsons funeral out of his own pocket?   The next one willl be harder. Count on it! (smiling)
I just heard it yesterday and I believe it is new. The first verse says something similar to \"that's why he's sleeping and i'm awake writing\" and the song talks about her kind of finding herself and being the best woman she can even if others don't think she has it in her. That's all I remember. Any ideas? It is indeed Stronger Woman by Jewel. Thanks so much!!
i already tried some websites but still i can't find any sara evans version...please....thnx!
does anyone know a rapper by the name of Assasin
Well i wanna be a singer but i dont know how can u tell me a good website to go on
anybody know of any punk/grunge/\"emo\" concerts that are around the sacramento/san francisco area??
I only want a list of some that are serious,they can be older,they can be newer. thx
Me and my friends are starting a band and need some ideas for names.  if it helps the kind of music is like metal/hardcore/metalcore  so ya  but we dont want something too creepy  like Drenched In Blood  lol  something kool thankssss  :D
A spanish male singer. 101.7 Spanish Rock in Dallas. Who sings this song? Mostly spanish lyrics with this one English Phrase\" so you think you're gonna hate me you know I'm gonna hate you back\" Who sings this song?
because im going to buy a new guitar caz my old one was my dads and its horrible and old and it sounds bad as hell!!... but hes guitar lookes cool=)and sounds awsome...
This song is mainly spanish lyrics with this English Phrase \" so you think you're gonna hate me you know I'm gonna hate you back\" Its a Spanish Male Singer. I heard it on 101.7 Spanish Rock Dallas, TX. No one at the radio station has a clue. Who sings this song?
I dj hip hop (old skool) , rnb, reggae and basically anything that sounds good, are there any suggestions for a good dj name? thanks
Includes all hardcore, metalcore, and othr genres as well.
Well i play guitar and i also want to be the singer of my band cause we play like oldies and noone our age wants to sing but i think i can do it but i can convince the band to let me do it?  And even if i do it and do good they are the type of people who would say i suck just so i cant and i dont want to leave the band i like it its just im stuck right now
during the chorus she is singing take me higher over and over.  can someone please help me out. Thanks a ton
the opening song in the unit, the show, is awsome. does anybody know what it is?
I recently got a idea to make a music vid with the song Scream and vid 30 days of night i couldnt find any clips and my computer sucks!! so heres the vid  http://youtube.com/watch?v=P0beZl2H6P0  please give me advice on how to improve and give it an honest rating..thanks  = ]!  or if that doesnt work go to youtube.com and type in nafyahmed then go to scream  thanks again!
its like idk how ud spell it but it says the n word u cant say that on here then like bomshme? or sumthin and apparantly it says the n word the f word me. anyone know?
i was listening to songs on the acoustic piano. then songs on the electric..... and realized that the sound of the acoustic sounded much better then the electric. so my question is.  is there any electric pianos that sound just as good as the acoustic
I scrawled this on a logbook when I was at work because it was a song I liked, that means that most likely it was on the local jazz-station here, (looking at the lyrics now that's actually what I'm thinking) or NPR, but that's not 100% for sure.  Note this might be off by a few words:  And I think I simply think I oughta fall over
what would be a good band name for a rock/alternative  band
the carter 3 is out finally evn though most of us had it boot legged but i really wanna know what do yall think is the best lil wayne carter cd i vote the 1st carter i love that cd i still pay it to this day there is not a song on there you can skip its all shit you can listen to carter 3 is ight but the original carter is the best in MY OPINION
What's real singing? Like I know classical singers don't consider pop singers to be really singing. And then there's the Japanese uta singers and they don't sound anything like what we call singing, but surely it is singing cuz it's highly skilled melodic noise coming out of their mouths. But singing can't just be \"skilled noise coming from mouth\" cuz whistling is not singing and neither is humming. I hardly think some of these pop stars like Ashlee Simpson can really be called singers. And what about some of the rock singers that just kind of growl and yell badly, I don't think that's singing either. So what can be considered singing and what isn't?
You see, I have truly felt music 2 times, but I have struggled to do it again. So my question is how can a feel a song when I hear it??, What kind of exrecises can I do for feeling music???, And, Does liestening to clasical music gives like energy to the soul and I can start feeling more any type of music?????
 Oh yeah, he says something in French at the begginning also I meant to put ending and beggining of the song.....LoL
i need some songs that say \"I dont need you!\" Any genre except country!  have any suggestions?  Thanx
there is this song that just came out where rihanna is singing with this guy...whats the name of the song???? one part of  the song it goes,\"keep me coming back for more.\"
Some of it's words go like this, \"I stand alone.\" and \"don't turn your back on me.\" It's alternative I think.
yeah, the most recent rockband commercial where the band walks through a house and goes and plays in their basement? i was wondering what song that was. any help would be most appreciated.
I remember seeing the video for this song on VH1 Soul and I cannot recall what the song is or who sings it. I know for sure a woman sings the song. She is wearing a silk yellow dress in the video with a red flower in her short hair. She is singing into one of those old microphones from back in the 30's, 40's, 50's and so on. The lyric that keeps playing in my head is, \"there's no getting on, there's no getting off, oh.\" It is a slow song about love . . . maybe within in the lyrics she is comparing love to a roller coaster. I have google'd the lyrics in every which way they come to me in my head, but it doesn't seem to work. I know if I saw the name, song or even better . . . the video . . . this would stop bugging me for sure!
yea but i cannot think of the name of it plz help me i want to watch the video and try to learn it                                                                   -Thanks
I'm looking for some good chill music somewhat like Jack Johnson.  Any help would be greatly appreciated.  Thanks
Its a country song, but I cant find the singer anywhere!! And I haven't heard it again!
Its talking about smokin...puff puff pass then a knock comes at the door saying they hotel security and the flush it and it was a friend. Its a song from like 98 or 99 and i have no idea who sings it or the name.
i really couldnt tell you anymore lyrics because i heard that song today and dont know anything about it other than its a rap song ...
Does anyone know any good songs for a loved one that has passed way ...any song that r in spanish or in english  plz and thanxz
a rap song where it goes im back. it starts off with im back and it reapeats it a couple times. please answer fast its greatly appreciated.
Hi, does anyone know if there are any song lyrics that describe a girl and boy liking each other but the boy won't admit it or doesn't do anything? Haha bit of a stretch but worth a shot. Thanks!
When you hold one you can hear it and I own the soundtrack from iTunes for The Orange Box and it's not on here as far as I can tell.
The smokin ear buds or the Lowriders?
please answer immediately!
Sometimes I get what I call rappers block and I can't think of anything else to write about.....Can anybody help me?
Okey, it's this rap song and it sounds like one part is played by Timbaland. but maybe not. I know some parts, it goes getcha diamond ring, and then i think it says gethcha something. Any help here, im so stumped??? okey dokey then... when i say fast, i mean hopefully fast ;P so please help me on this. thanks =)
 nvm i found it it was lolli lolli answer dor free points
I cannot find this hair ballad for the life of me, please help
Ok this question isn't too complicated at all I'm just looking for the Top 10 Reggae songs to smoke to and the Top 10 Hip Hop songs to smoke to...don't bring the anti-smoking rhetoric in here either please...I'm looking to make both into a playlist for my Ipod & to listen to when...well you get the picture lol   http://www.myspace.com/theblacksunn1
and if anyone did was the concert great? cuz im 16 and never got the chance to go to one of there concerts and i LOVE nirvana there my fav band!! lol...so anyways tell me about it?
u a star, baby u a star, u a sta-a-a-ar, sta-a-a-ar, ??? lolll
I am an aspiring opera singer and was wondering what percentage of males are born to become tenor, baritone, and bass and females soprano, mezzo, and contralto.  Is there a percentile system for range?
I've heard it at a baseball game. Its sung by a female singer and that's unfortunately the only part of the song i know.  (for people that understand music: i think 'do's' go, 4 e + a 1 + 2, oh)
What are everyones favorite web sites for free guitar lessons? My favs are Justinguitar.com, expertvillage.com, discoverguitaronline.com, and I think thats all ive ever been to.  Besides youtube of course lol.
It goes\"This love has taken it's toll she said goobye too many times before.\"
Fake\" Your no longer here, you've left and are gone My heart is broken, I can't go on You made my life feel so complete Because of you every night I wept No one to hold me on to me I feel so scared, I need security If only you could be here I'd be alright and have no fear  I am left all alone My house no longer feels like home Why did you have to go and be a fake I hurt with each breath I take Your now up there and am right here I can't hear you whisper\"I love you, dear\" Didn't you think when you took those sips That something just might tip  Early in the morning the phone goes off I lay awake My mom comes up says your in a better place I miss your face I miss your laughter So much for ever after I miss your kisses There to many misses None of these would kill me so  If you didn't decide to go  You were fake Big mistake It isn't fair We had something there After everything you put me through I still love you
My cousin was listing to a song,It was slow and passionate.  It had something to do with Do you belive me now? Male singer.  I liked it. What is it?
example: DJ splash- Flying high
they keep on saying it will drop this summer but they wont be specific and i hate it
I'm a fan of Ben Folds, but also anything with a hint of jazz. Any suggestions? Thanks alot!!
gimme a list of some tight ass crunk songs wit sick beats  dont gimme ppl like lil wayne, ludacris, etc  i like them but im lookin 4 hardcore crunk like lil john, dem franchize boyz, lil scrappy, etc
I'm not really a great singer but I'm not totally horrible. I can act well and I'm wanting to audition for broadway. I was just wondering if any of you had some tips on how to train my voice to be a little better. I'm going to get voice lessons but not for another 2 months about. And i really want to work on my voice right now.  I appreciate the responses.
 and free also
Love songs? slow songs? Fast songs? friends songs?  lyrics wise...?
chap stique wasn't there, & it was some random guy... does anyone know who he is, & what band he's in?
I dont know much of the lyrics, just these two lines: \"If I were to die today, My life would be okay\" Thanks!
top 8  8. p-diddy 7.jay-z 6.run dmc   top 5  5.wu tang clan 4.notorious big 3.big daddy kane 2.rakim 1. nas* (i dont care bout what anyone sais nas is the true king of the eastcoast)  agree or disagree???? nas deserved to be king of NY after biggie, but diddy stole the title.................. oh yeah replace diddy and jay-z wit ll cool j, cool j is #5
I want to know what Drew Hardwick from Taylor Swifts song 'Teardrops On My Guitar' looks like.. i already know the story behind it..just want the face..anyone got a pic or link?
i really love the jonas brothers and i wanted to learn one of there songs and since i dont have a guitar does any boody have the sheets for piano
it goes like this  :  \"kill my heart, kill my heart                                  kill forever                                  kill my heart , kill my heart                                  and i die i dont remember the rest of the song but some people told me the artist is nick kamen but i think they are wrong.
i have heard Jesse McCartney's song on youtube De Toi a Moi. is there an official version, or was that him just messing around with his music?  Also, I need some recommendations for music... I like: soft-sounding, acoustic type music some screamo nothing too depressing People that sound like Jay Brannan, Colbie Caillat, Matt Wertz, Jesse McCartney (although he is starting to take the r&b style now). Any help would be great. thanks in advance. heyy yeah i have one or two songs by them but i dont really have too much music by them. ill check out their myspace.
(btw- ... means words that i don't know :)  his goal in life was to be an echo ...alone town after town toll after toll ....through the great southwest...  she appears in his dreams but in his car and in his arms a dream can be anything  so if any of you guys know, it would be great if you could tell me!! thanks
I've been really trying to improve on my song writing lately, and I thought a really good way to do that was to get recording equipment so I could double track on my guitar, such as adding rhythm and harmonies. Does anyone know a program that can do such without running me a lot of money?
i dont know the lyrics for sure but it goes like this.    Intro. *Piano* hmhmhmhmhmhm.   hmhmhm. hmhmhm. hm. hm. (dun dun dun dun dun dun.   dun dun dun.   dun dun dun. dun dun.  dundun.) Lyrics along the line of; Making my way down town passin around setting stright to my home town, Then theres that same piano piece.   Its a female singer,younger,light voice.          PLEASE HELP ME FIGURE THIS OUT!!!
I have a BOSS DS-1, BOSS DD-6, Crybaby Wah, Digitech Whammy, MXR phase-90  is there a certain order these should go in, and if so, why?
i do i like his beats?
I really like these band names: killswitch engage job for a cowboy protest the hero trivium 3 mile scream remembering never behemoth (hate their music (I'm catholic)) Immortal architect  Please name as many as you want and tell why ya like them, but more than \"its cool.\" limit 12 band names if you want best answer. nirvana is cool too
Hi Some Tips on Making a guitar Song, I Cant Read Music on Guitar....
I already have 'I miss you' by Blink 182, and it can't be anything that could be taken the wrong way. Thanks!
Everybody's going to the party and we're having a good time\"
the music video is of a guy running and he's like stripping himself of his clothes, and in the end he jumps in a huge mud pile. it's kinda weird but a fast paced song. can't remember anything else. help would be great. :)
list as many as you can and if possible rank them and give link/s of audio of these... thnx...
Hi...I heard a song on the radio..I think it's a new rnb song....all I can remember is that sumwhere in the lyrics he said something like ..\" i'll take you to a log cabin...in wisconsin....sumthing sumthing in canada....\" im not sure any help? Thankx
Sometimes I get what I call rappers block, and I can't think of anything else to write about.....can anybody help me?
I heard an interesting song earlier and i cant tell what it is.. It had some guy in an interesting accent singing a song about randoom stuff and one of the lines was i could never hit a ball with that velocity. and then i think he said so i just raaaahh,.... Not quite sure tho any help would be appreciated.
I want a sound that sound that sort of creeps up..  like a backwards symbol but for a voice... do you know what I mean and do now how I can get that effect??? please???
Got some good ones.  Illmatic Reasonable Doubt Ready to die 36 chambers It takes a nation of millions to hold us back Paid in full The Low end theory The Chronic Straight outta compton  I know I know I coulda added more and some albums woulda been a better choice but these are usually the ones that people put as #1. From Greatest to least.
I've realized that the band Blue October often uses the number 14 in their lyrics. These are some examples:  Into The Ocean: Maybe then I could learn to swim, like/14 miles away.   A Quiet Mind: A slow strangle with your feet on the floor/I've got 14 angels and we're sleeping alone/In the back of a cave where the rest of us go to feel normal/  Drop: I'm 14 million miles away/  There's probably more I haven't heard yet, but I know it isn't coincidence. Does anyone know why this is such an important number?
I've been trying to look for the instrumental version only for Lady Brown by Nujabes feat. Cise Starr for a really long time. Does anyone know where I can find it? I know it exists out there because it says so on the Nujabes discography, but I can't find it at all.
I'm teaching myself to play guitar so i'm new to everything? when you go to this website and click the little box that says \"show chord diagrams\" i don't understand why the chord for \"C\" has an \"o\" instead of an \"x\"...i know that the \"x\"s are where you are supposed to put your fingers for that chord so what is the difference???..i've seen other songs that had this too... this is the page:   http://www.ultimate-guitar.com/tabs/m/miranda_lambert/new_strings_crd.htm thank you very much!! :D
I hard this song will del in it on the radio the other day, only caught a few lines of it  rapped somethin like: Greed greed greed                                       three hundred and sixty degrees......  it also featured another artist?  does anyone know the name of the song, sorry about the limited info...its all i got.
What are Sarah McLachlan's lyrics generally about? What usual themes? Iike her voice and I like piano pop, but haven't figured out what kind of material she sings.
also gucci has a line that goes, \" ice game crazy, wrist game marvelous, nickname gucci, outfit coogi\".
theres a song i heard to day it goes something like\" whan you are cyying i have a smile\" something like that first one to answer right gets best answer
omg, its really good and i want to actually listen to it.. haha but i cant think of the name! it's been around for awhile, i know that much because i've heard it on the radio, just never really paid attention to it...  so it starts of with this heavy wood block and guitar rythm and continues about a 30/40 sec? before the lyrics kick in  and in the middle there is a guitar solo and then the wood block kinda dies out i guess theres a part where the guitar builds up and it wails at some point  the lyrics kinda sound like \"I know you don't want anyyonne but- babyyy i neeeeed\" thats probably not the words but the singer draws out the beats.. musicians out there.. it goes  1-. 2-3. 4. 1. 2. 3. 4-1. 2. 3. 4. 1. 2. 3-4. 1-2....  i think. i might have got it wrong anyways yea, so it's an alternative style song, please help! also, i think he mentions \"behind the shadows\" ALTERNATIVE not hip hop could be.. do you think you could give me a title to search for? they've got alot of songs -_-
I watched it on youtube......but the video was an anime......i so need this song because i am getting married and this is the song my fiance and i listened to on our first date. Can anybody help me?
well, I've decided to form a band  We're kind of electronic music based  I'm thinking of making Vocal Psytrance (female vocals)  Do you know any songs/artists with the same style? I need some inspiration/ideas  Yeah...  I use FL Studio 8 Fruity Edition.  I need to learn to make psytrance  do you people have any suggestions/ideas?
okay so there's this song and it called \"The One\" by Millionaires.  And in a part of the song it says \"ooh baby do you know what thats worth ooh heaven is a place on earth because in heaven love comes first you make heaven a place on earth ooh heaven is a place on earth\"  it sounds soo much like a song i've  heard before?///  if you know what song i'm thinking of could you please tell me what is the name of it and who sings it and i will  surely appreciate it!
ok, I have a lot of rock on my iPod, but I want more.  Please post your favorite rock song.  No screamo!  I have enough screamo on my iPod....
Can you please suggest me bands that are similar to \"Skillet\" and \"Three Days Grace\" i want a hard music with lyrics, but not a complete ear blow out and just screaming, i don't want a \"Metallica\" type   Thanks
ok i kno they disbanded but any1 kno if they r in a new band? plz i really wanna kno...thxs really appreciate it =]
I heard this heart wrenching country song the other day on the radio about  someone trapped in a car waiting for fire and aide to come save him.  It had lyrics that went along the lines of \"I hope they get here in time.\"  Can anyone help me name this song and who it is by?  Any help would be greatly appreciated.  Thanks!
I heard on steven's untitled rock show, kevin put some j-rock  bands on the Warped Tour.
the lyrics go  \"its all true and i will show you how much of a queen you are to me and why i love you baby\"
what are the lyrics to metro stations song kelsey?
And dont say elvis.  In order to qualify, they have to still be alive.  And had 30+ years in the music industry.
Aaliyah made room for a lot of lady singers Ashanti, Ciara, pussy cat doll ect.  I miss her so much. I was going to make sure I was going to go one of  her concerts :( I thought of a song and wonder if anyone else had anything that they remember about Aaliyah
That song \"Splashin Waterfalls\"..I was wondering who the girl is thats singing \"Make love to me, F u c k me\"
There is this one commercials for Bocci (or Bocce) restaurant and there is a song in Italian that goes with it. Does anybody know what song it is? Thanks! xx
i love music,  and need some ideas for country songs and some titles and ways to write em,  etc etc... like taylor swift kind of country! or if you have any tips on writing that'd be GREAT :)  thanks guys <3
ok i kno they disbanded but any1 kno if they r in a new band? plz i really wanna kno...thxs really appreciate it =] jrock,visual kei, japanese band
my band is a combination of reggae, metal, classic rock, and alternative rock we have come up with THE WOODSTOCKS or BLISS but we don't know what people would think about it or if you have any other suggestions
Ok, so for the past few years I have wanted to learn piano. We just bought a baby grand piano and now I really want to learn how to play. I played Saxophone in high school and middle school so I have 7 years of music under my belt. How hard do you think it will be for me to learn the piano? I don't expect to be playing Mozart in a week or anything. I just want to hear from people who share an experience like this.  Thanks!
what's the song for the bacardi mojito commercial when the bartender was mixing the mint in the glass and it was making the music
Hi! I'm teaching myself to play acoustic guitar so I'm new at everything having to do with it... I've been going to www.ultimateguitar.com to get the chords to play different songs but i also see on there tabs? What are tabs and what are you supposed to do with them? Also, I've seen on yahoo answers people saying that the strum pattern you use for a song really doesn't have to be the same as the one the artist used but it can be your own and still sound ok/good???
This song is not Drop from Fat Man Scoop but the lyrics are \"Slide and dothe hoochie bop, buss it open for me, buss it for me... I know ya waiting for my album to drop. I know ya waiting for my album to drop!\" It's a jamaican rapper. I sounds like Mystikal but I need to know the name of the song please help!!!!!
I love falling asleep to music, but I'm finding it hard to find good music with which to sleep to. I would really like some suggestions for acoustic, soft, love songs or something of that nature. Something that is soft and nice that I can fall asleep to. I love Jack Johnson so if you could give me any suggestions of songs or whole CDs... that would be awesome!
What are the lyrics to The One by Millionaires?
My favorite song by the Beatles is...  Let it Be  it is very deep and there is just something about it!  So whats your favorite beatles song!?
I feel like listening to something punkish or emoish cuz i'm sad/angry.  anyone know any good bands...songs. lemme know :]
people who like to go disco? Is it gay or weird to listen to Techno Trance?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eNFoWJE6Jb8
Looking For The Spanglish Version Lyrics
its not an actual song on singstar but its the music they play in between songs when you get your score its techno and theres no lyrics  its on the singstar pop hits game  anyone know what its called? or where i can download it? thanks!
Are there any bands that play similar songs than \"The Republic Tigers\" songs that sound like \"Buildings & Mountains\" or \"Feelin' the future\"
Can anyone tell me the composer of the two songs from vanessa hudgens \"don't talke\" and \"make you mine\"? Thanks
or see a doo doo in the toilet, I think about them sexy Jonas Brothers
Good God, R&P is dead! 3 hours without a question!   So, who's going? Ya got Motorhead, Testament, Heaven and Hell, and (drumroll) JUDAS PRIEST!!! I got my free ticket with JP's Nostradamus album! Oh, apparently, there HAVE been questions, but Y!A has been lagging.
I heard i on the raido, and didnt catch the title.   The lyrics go  And if im dying i dont want to know. If i cant see the sun maybe i should go  And dont wake me if im dreaming.-  Thats the chorus, and i have nothing else. Any help? 
Well i am fourteen, i never experienced break up yet, thank god [lol] and just something fun. And if any way, how could i find out like a beat for the song?  Also, if any singing tips please :)
Now before you answer...know the history......
New or old, doesn't matter. I'm slowly getting into jazz, but I need someone to work with. I've been listening to some Wes Montgomery, Chet Atkins, and Joe Pass for a while now. If you could recommend me to more artists, that'd be great.
(by \"I\" I mean you)
A song that just says i dont care what you think about me...because i wish i could hang out with preppy ppl but they are all so stuck up and shit ya know...so ya it sucks.
mine is summertime by the new kids on the block http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D0AcuZhl3T0
does anyone know this song!  it goes like  \" wierd looking boy\" and then starts talking about a girl and stuuf its really fast and i think it is hiphop    please help!!!! lol your right
I love the song In Keeping Secrets of Silent Earth by Coheed and Cambria and I'm trying to find a website that will let me listen to just the background music to the song without Claudio's voice. It would be even better if there is a free downloadable program that will let me mute the singing and hear only the instrumentals. If you happen to know of either one please let me know. Thanks!
Order the NIN albums from favorite to least favorite in a list.
some lyrics are \" Do you miss the way he cared the way your hand fis in his and when you're looking straight through me.....\"  its rock i have it as a ringtone i got it from a friend but he doesn't know who sings it either!  so help please!
what song is like here come the.. here comes the....  stuck in my head.
I swear to God, I heard no C minor, at all! None, whatsoever!
I've been to a few shows, and Ive seen a bunch of bands do it, but what band started the wall of death. The wall of death is where at a concert, the crowd divides into two sections and at the count of 3 , ram into each other.
The song where two people catch each other's eye and fall in love, or where two people are running in slow motion across a meadow to embrace one another?  It's that really common one that's used everywhere.  It's NOT \"Chariots of Fire\" or \"Theme From Love Song.\"  Come on, you know what I'm talking about, right?
straightforward. fill me up with your informations.
Who's gone to it? I'm SO pissed off, I have to go to my cousin's wedding the day of it -_- I was supossed to go last year, but I was grounded that day, and the year before I wasn't aloud to go, so yeah it really sucks, okay so I was just wondering what's it like? How much worse are the pits from shows? And, is it as bad as Bamboozle?
where can i download the song called \"You're my angel\"by DJ Zitkus for free??
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dG_KbKdbCtU
Some say this album rocks, others say it blows. Give me tehz feedback on it if y'all like. Serious or not. Balls. (Atom Heart Mother is an album by teh Pink Floyd)
i was watching tv and i found a comercial or what ever and it was like best island sound tracks songs whatever it was it had like temprature in it and all and it was on like yesterday but i want to know because i want to take it to my sisters wedding its from this year  think but if you have anyideas what it was please help
What would be a good band name for a Reggae, Upbeat, Classic Rock, Blues, Alternative Rock kind of band.
 sorry i meant rapped and sang on their DEBUT album
well i am an artist,i know a lot but if i ever wanna actually start putting my name out there, i gotta be prepared. so with that being said, can aynone teach me or give me some tips on how to learn the music business or about tips about the music business? please give me as much as you can thank you
I want songs that are not romantically about sex.
ive been trying to find sites that let u listen to music w/o the video. my computer is really pikky, so safe would help. i already know: youtube, rapsody, playlist.com, but i need more...my computer is stupid. >=[
please help i want that song
I've only listened to a few by them so far, but was wondering.
Any good brands of electrical guitars that i can buy? If you know the \"price\", please add on....
ok, i hav 4 friends who hav front row seats, and i hav 26th row seats. so, the idea is, that the 4 friends are going 2 go down and sit in there seats, and then when evry1 is standing and its hard to tell where ppl r sitting, 1 of my friends is going 2 take her ticket, and the ticket of another of my friends who is already sitting there, and come up by me. then the 2 of us will go back down and show the front row ticket checker person r 2 tickets, and since they r on the complete other side of the row, the ticket checker will not be able 2 tell if those seats r full or not, since evry1 will be standing. i think itll work. any advice, opinions or comments would be appreciated!!
i'm going on a trip tomorrow, and i'm trying to update my ipod \u00DC  any help on some new songs? anything will do?  thaaanks \u00DC
I mean...like the song Shake It...how do you think they feel about it? Especially Billy Ray...if I was to interview him about them, what do you think he would he say??
its not flock of seagulls,  \"he says never again just like before, then never again and i dont know what he says after that, it sounds like thompson twins or someone like that, driving me nuts i cant find the song
im not sure if these are the exact lyrics but it goes something like this \" you no theres something wrong when you look into her eyes and see your mom your a mommas boy a mommas boy ...\"
to You Got Me bythe roots and Undying love by Nas?  thanks
I know they are used to reduce blistering, but I'm not quite sure why they are needed.  Can anybody help me lol?
I heard their newest single 'Hammerhead' and it sounded so much like they were getting back into their roots familiar with the sounds from their first couple of CDs, or is it that one song and the rest just the same crap they've been doing for a while?  sorry if I offended any big Offspring fans but you could tell there was a big difference in effort of songs between Smash and Conspiracy of One
I can't find it anywhere online to download.  The only Kate Nash album available on iTunes is \"Made of Bricks\" and it is not on there.  So, I'm thinking it is either only available on a limited edition or UK edition CD or something.  Any help/info?
a few lyrics not in order:  Don't forget this moment Keep your distance. Being next to you in this rusted car. Don't forget where you were born.  This is a newer song with an almost 'Hedley' sound to it. Thanks in advance for any help!!
I can't find the name because I can't remember any lyrics.  It's sung by a woman and for some reason she's singing about how she should have dated this guy so they wouldn't have to always wonder what could have happened.  It's a fairly recent song and it's stuck in my head somehow....please help. it was realize =)  thanks so much
all I can remeber is some of the chorus (its a guy that sings normal then goes to a high note) if I can remember right some of the chorus is \"cause I will not hide its time to fly..... anything to be with you\" any idea what the song is? I cant find it anywhere
Does anyone know what Shaant says in the begining of \"Loser\"?  Anyways even if you don't know, tell me what you think about the new album \"Rotation\"!
i like almost any kind of music except rap and country
Hey, I need 4 songs for a video i am making with the pictures from our camp.
I'm going to get Rogue RA - 100D Dreadnought and I don't know what case I should get. It should be a hard-shelled one. Somebody who owns this guitar could give the best answer... (case should be able to endure airport shipment and not so expensive)
add.
hi guys, umm well does anyone know how to play shining friends by 2r on piano? Because my friends are planning to make gifts and stuff for each other and i want to play this for my friends and i think they will really like it!   Thxx soo much <333
SPECIFIC tabs, please, not just website names i.e ultimate-guitar, cuz i already know that.  ones that are somewhat hard/medium, and are really pretty to listen to.  thankyaa
heres the deal one of my friends heard my ringtone a while back, it was the coldmiser song from the eyar without a santa claus and he brought this up, he claims he heard like a techno version on the song (im not sure if he was referring to the heat or cold miser, or both) but a techno version in Victoria secret. ive googled a million different things, any suggestions?
i wanna know y he's in jail 4 around 20 years he's a good rapper
Here's the skinny: I have to make a music video for my Spanish class and I want to pick a song that provokes some out-of-the-box video potential. The only requirement is that the song is in Spanish. Got any suggestions?
Why do you like the band you have chosen? everyone one else has just stated the band they love. to be a true fan of a band you need to know why you love the band.
All i remember from the video is: I think it's in a movie theater, it's been around for a while. And there is 2 mariah careys. and her boyfriend is cheating on her. PLEASE HELP!  i loved this song, but i can't find it now.
I write, sing, and play my songs on the piano with a friend. We want to somehow make like a cd or something. any help?
does anyone remember  the old disney channel music video about the moon being lost/stolen. one of the lines from the song was \" could it have fallen in the ocean.\" it would normally come on right after the disney channel music video of \"locamotion\"
I've been playing acoustic for almost a year and I really want an electric.  I've played electric a little bit... I play my friends' and we used to have one but I was too young to really play it seriously.  What would be a good guitar for me to get?  Right now I have an Ibanez acoustic.  Also should I go with used or is it better to buy one new?  I just want a decent guitar that's not gonna be super expensive.  Thanks
i heard this amazing song when i was there and its was like brunetke e blondenke .. something something .. and i wanna know what it was. HELP PLEASE. its a russian song and its by a band, and in the video the guy asks this girl to dance and she says only if he gets her strawberries and he runs down to the store in the middle of the night and gets strawberries.....
Now we\u2019re broken on the floor,She just wants me to share her.It hasn\u2019t been this way before,She just wants me to dare her.The phone rings (The phone rings),And she screams:\"Stab my back,It\u2019s better when I bleed foryou.Walkonme,There never was enough to do.\"I can\u2019t getpast her,Falling faster,it's true.It hasn\u2019t done a lot for you.And every time he held you close,Yeah, were youthinkingof me?When I needed you themost,Well ihopethatyou\u2019re happy. The phone rings (The phone rings),When she screams:\"Stabmy back, It\u2019s better when I bleed for you. Walk on me, There never was enough to do.\" I can\u2019t get past her, Falling faster, It's true. It\u2019s better when I bleed for you. [INSTRUMENTAL SOLO] I hope that love he gave you, Was just enough to save you. You nearly broke my heart, Just look at what you\u2019re tearing apart! Stab my back, It\u2019s better when I bleed for you.Walk on me,There never wasenough to do.I can\u2019t get past her,Faling faster,It's true.It hasn\u2019t done a lot for you
Does anyone know the lil wayne song thats a remix from a oldies song i guess its called 1 cause i saw it on my friends itunes list and it was called 1 so does anyone know it? and its not one night only
 THANK YOU SO MUCH!
does anyone know what it's about?  it's a pretty song and if you've ever seen the video, you'd probably be asking the same question
songs  emotions i be loving you long time bye bye side affects touch my body we belong together don't forget about us?
Boyfriend, Crushing, Love, Friends, etc.  Just tell me the titles & I can write them
what band started the air guitar
ii like totally need the name and artist {most likely DJ} of the third song in DJ Italian Sensation2's \"I Like TeChNo\"....and no its not.... [DJ Avalon - When Will You Come Home] [Tune Up! - Ravers Fantasy] [DJ Carpi - The Power of Pleasure (Dreamsplash Remix)] [DJ Raaban - Drop the Bass] [Basshunter - I'm Your Bass Creator] ....ii know for fact its not those songs so PLZ DO NOT PUT THOSE AS THE ANSWER LIKE A FREAKIN MENTAL PERSON!!!!! in case u have the song already or would like to look it up on youtube, the timing for the song ii need is: {{3:30-4:30}} thanx much appreciated!
i ehard a song on the radio this morning n it was quite catchy and upbeat n it in it had hilary duff. but otherwise it was a guy singing n maybe another girl can sum1 plz tell me the name of this song :)
The weird thing is that im usually answering these types of questions but i can't seem to find the two songs so please help anybody  The first one is a rock song with a man singing  \"I can stand here waiting a fool for another day\"  The second one is a female singer and this is all i can remember \"just breath\"  Thanks for the help
where did everyone go????? the last question was 2 hours ago!
i like most of tiesto, party all the time by sharam and children of the world.....any1 got suggestions?
if you wanna come and take a ride with me...\" and sometimes it does \"hey,, must be the money!\"  its on the tip of my tounge but i just cant think of it...
I cant find the lyrics to the song havin fun by kingspade. PLEASE HELP.
I've been trying for 2 days and it's really hard for me.. any suggestions???
i only have the demo version and i was wondering what's so much fuller about the full version?  hopefully there are more sounds.  there aren't that many bass's to choose from on the demo, all the trumpet and horn type instruments kinda sound cheap and crappy and there is no violen.  also.... is there any type of master graphic equalizer.  and how do you take the effects off the instements......like what if i don't want reverb or echo.  for such an in depth program it seems like there aren't that many sounds and the sounds aren't very custumizable.
Can someone show me a website where i can upload the song maybe but a different version just like this http://h1.ripway.com/perfectnonsense/03-secondhand_serenade-maybe.mp3
it's a recent rock song that is on the radio right now, like rock radio stations. It starts off with violins then guitars kick in, then they both play together. I know this is very vague but just list out any songs that come to mind like that haha thanks!!
Bob Seger and the Silver Bullet Band recorded a song called \"Hollywood Nights.\" It has a very simple AABB rhyme scheme, except for the second verse section (before the first chorus.) He says \"They watched the waves tumble over the sand.\" Then, when it would be expected that something rhyming with \"sand\" would be put in, he instead goes \"Higher and higher and higher they climbed.\"  There's gotta be a story here. Why is this the only rhyming abnormality in the song? I would consider \"alone\" and \"own\" to be legitimate rhymes for \"home,\" even though I know that they are not \"true rhymes\". There is significant assonance there. However, \"sand\" and \"climbed\" do not share vowels sounds. That pair alone clearly stands out as a non-rhyming couplet in the song.
and if they do and you eat there do they let you in early and plz quick response cause im going to the boys like girls concert soon so i need to know thanx!!!
Does anyone know the song at the beginning of the film when David Schwimmer is pushing his daughter on the swing? and if so, could anyone send it to me at metal_mavrick@hotmail.com, thanks
i heard it on kroq it goes something like:  im not insane but im not well.......into the mirror.......and rage against the machine...........slit my wrist   please this is really buggin me thx \u2665
It's a slow lyrical song the lyrics say something like \"you're my best friend\"...and something about \"breathing\"...I know that's not very descriptive but that's all I remember...please help!!! :)
cuz a lot of sites u have to pay for it but some sites u dont but then they dont have this is me and i really REALLY want that song in piano with lyrics and if anyone finds it plz answer this or email me at puppy_pink8@yahoo.com thx a lot!!!!
i do!!!! idk y but its my absolute favorite song!!! wanted to get ppls oppinion on it... and name some of ur fav. songs from late 90's-present... plez... lol...
I have searched the internet without any success, I was trying to get a free copy. This is the first time I have experienced this problem. If you are able to help please forward to davidbort@y7mail.com Thankyou for your help in advance
i need a good love song that expresses the feeling of being on love with 2 girls at once (preferably R&B), but anything will suffice
These are the rappers I have in my iPod right now: Akon, Big L, Baby Boy, Bone Thugs, Common, Chamillionaire, Chuckie Akenz, Coolio, D-Pryde, Eminem, Fort Minor, The Grouch, Immortal Technique, Jin, Kanye West, Lupe Fiasco, Nas, Snoop Dog, Three 6 Mafia, Traphik, 2pac, Usher, Wiz Khalifa, Xzibit, Yung Joc, and 50 Cent.
There's one particular song I'm looking for, its about someone who's regretting their mistakes, and it talks about the spring coming and birds singing or something like that..I don't know who its by, and I would appreciate any help, thanks!
i need a romantic love song to put on myspace.. it can't be girly  something like Enrique Iglesias - hero  i'd put that song on but i cant find it on myspace
it's kind of a slow one, with piano, kind of quiet, and nearing the middle of the song i think you can suddenly hear a crowd audience cheering?
It goes \"You gotta pull yourself back together give me one more shot its now or never. with a new day callin for you, you gotta believe. woah. You gotta pull yourself back in the water, take one deep breathe.....\" and so on. at least i think thats what it says. lol But its a guy singing and his voice sounds very clear. anyways...thanks!!! YAY!!! Thats it!!!
Ok...They're a Newer Country Band..It consists of 2 Males and A Female...they're Kinda young...and the Girl plays the Violin/Fiddle I no thats no much to go on...but I need to figure out who they are!
Ok, I don't really know how to explain this but I don't know how to make a song into a karaoke. You know, like example you want to sing a song without the original singer singing the lyrics. You know when you see people videoing themselves singing a song, they always play the music of the song without the singer's voice... Help! If you don't understand what my question is, pls see an example :  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFIBlYSeYac   See how she sings with the music of Take a bow without Rihanna's voice...
I'm making a mix CD for my gf and was wondering if there's a good TobyMac song that's good for that type of situation?
you're in miami now oh uh oh you're in miami... at all \u00BF? but it doesn't i can\u00B4t understand what it says it\u00B4s oldies
It sounds like heavy rock, then turns into R&B.  It is on MTV FNMTV. And they did it for the skit for Tyga's MTV theme song.
I would probably sell my soul =] btw do you think they r gonna even have a reuinion tour (or concert for that matter) again?
Verse One: I saw you standing there leaning on that old tree at the pond And I thought, \"I don't usually go for blondes.\" It's the way you talk to me that lets me know the way you don't feel about me It's the way your eyes sparkle that makes me wish it could be  Chorus: You're on my mind day and night I can't think of the right things to write I love the way you say my name And the way your eyes shine like a flame  Verse Two: It would be that indescribible love feeling But you have that girl on your arm all day But I can dream of how we will be someday And if only was that easy, because then I'd say  Chorus Two: You're on my mind day and night When I turn off the light at night And I try to keep my thoughts tame About the way your eyes sparkle like a flame  Chorus to Fade
I think it was when a guy went home? \"Youre Incredible\" or something like that? it was cute...  and what was the song that One Republic sang?
A clip of this song shows up in episode 7 of \"Secret Diary of a Call Girl.\"   Part of the song goes as follows:  Your love sets me free I feel high I never knew I had it in me With you by my side, I can breathe easy
cute show.. I found the music without the lyrics, and I found hte lyrics without the music, lol but I'd like to hear how it sounds together... thanks , anyone who can help
what are your favorite country songs/artists?
Hi, I just met a girl, and she's been pretty helpful to me, and I have a small crush on her, and I think she's really cute, and I want to thank her and all. Can anybody help me by giving me the name of a song that can express that she's pretty/cute/beautiful and that love/like her. Thanks
The first person to name the song, the artist, and the album (don't give me Greatest Hits, that's not what I am looking for) gets the 10 points for the best answer. The lines below may not be in the same order that they appear in the song.  1. Stronger than any fear or doubt  2. But I jumpin' anyhow  3. It's callin' both of us  Best of luck.
Does anyone know where on the internet I could find the piano keys/sheet music for the song 'Oh Child,' by Nevertheless?
& i dont want the world to see me; cause i dont think that theyd understand, la la la la la la la la la la; i just want you to know who i am.   .?.? help.?
Anyone knoew any new rap or R&B songs that are up to date???
they only did 2 albums but they were AWESOME!!!!!
Any kind of J-Rock is fine. ex: Miyavi, Dir En Grey, Versailles, LM.C....  Yeah LIKE them not them. I already know Miyavi had a concert here and so did Versailles, and LM.C....just bands like them
there is this really hot CUMBIA song and it has a nice beat to it...i dont kno what its called or whos it by but i kno that the singer says \"dejalo\" a few times in the song repeatedly...so can someone please tell me what this song is????
u see i like rap songs with more then 1 rapper so does anybody know the song with the most people featured in it
yes well i have quite a few that i like and sometimes when i find a new one that sounds real good and get all into it i find out that they're disbanning or that they already did.i wish i could find one that isn't or hasn't yet so that i can actually like one and continue to hear their music all the time.
I have searched everywhere and can't find this:  Composer - Friedrich Grutzmacher \"Albumblatt\" Op.66  Thanks. Yes, the title is correct. The song is in: Recital Gems - book. 2 (Alfred ed.)  see: http://www.music44.com/X/product/17380-D&Tab=SONGS The song sounds like this:  http://vids.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=vids.individual&VideoID=22922317
Dont leave the keys (somethin somethin) cause I wont be coming back around.
The Sex Pistols... Public Image Ltd... The Libertines... The Rakes... The Flaming Lips... Kasabian... Gorillaz..
The chorus of the song has the lyrics \"She thought she could but never would find anyone better\" Does anyone know what song this is? the lyrics are  \"The wind blows but she shows no affection. Tryin to get herself back in the right direction. She's asking questions but not getting any answers. She's calling him, but he gave up on giving in. And now she's missing him missing her. Cause every time that she would fall he'd be the first one there to catch her.  She thought she could but never would find anyone better....\"
Hey i have a Podxt Live and cannot get the Metallica sound i want out of it. It's driving me crazy! My setup is a Jackson DXMG Dinky (passive emgs, Greatest neck ever!!!) and a crate solid state 65 watt. I was deciding between the pod and a vox tonelab le and even though the vox sounded better for me(metal wise) the guitar center guys said go with the pod for metal. So i took their advice. I was happy with the sounds for like 3 days but now it sounds WAY too digital and muddy and dark (i've had it for a week) I was planning on buying a TUBE amp in the future and using the pod for the effects. But for now, need  Modeling and distortion. Should i go for the VOX? or what other options would you suggest? Play Metallica, AC/DC, Eric Clapton, John Mayer, and a lot more metal and rock.
http://blog.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=blog.view&friendID=46152674&blogID=412248628  who wins?
In i will posses your heart by death cab for cutie my dad says the toms that the drummer uses are electronic for some reason beacause i want my toms to sound like that :) but how can i if there \"electronic\" :-/   even tho there real toms in it  (u can see them on the video live on the late show) he has something electronic in them. Thanx plz answer!
So i need some help here. Could somebody give me some examples of punk bands, rock bands, and indie bands? And could people just like list some good bands that they like? They can be any kind of music i'm just looking for some new stuff to listen to.  Thanks :)
It's a march, not Aerostar March though, the only name it had was Aerostar and in parenteses it said a concert march I think. It's been awhile, but it had an awesome bass solo. It's grade 2 I think and I WOULD LOVE to find it. It's like my favorite song I've ever played. ANY help would be appreciated. O yeah, I've heard it might go by a different, German name. More info, maybe under the name Artikel, or Aerostar Konzert Marsch
what is the best jonas brother song??????
like instead of an actual intrument its but like people saying bass bass bass and guitar guitar and stuff like that. i dont really know how to describe it but its really cool. if any one knows what im talking about please send like a link from youtube or something of the people or people who do it!  thank you
well in the video it's this lady singing of course and she has red hair, i think a nose ring and the background is different types of flashing lights.It may be a flag then it may be her name. Other than the lights it's a black background and she is there alone with a microphone....which she dances with.I havent seen the video in a long time so my description may not be that accurate..I believe it came out around 2004-2005
The only part she remembers is this; 'IT WAS A DIRTY LITTLE COWARD WHO SHOT MR. HOWARD  AND LAID POOR JESSIE IN HIS GRAVE.\"  It's supposed to be about the notorious Jessie James being shot in the back. The Ballad Of Jesse James is the correct title.  But Mom says both artists are too young to be the original singer .  She says she grew up hearing, as well as singing this song.  She's not sure she  ever heard it sung professionally.
I noticed that this guitar has a somewhat special sound that comes with it, it's a brown acoustic and this guys playing it in this video: (skip to 8:40 to see what im talking about) http://youtube.com/watch?v=BH35ahbWO_E Is there any way I can make mine sound like that? If not what guitar/strings/pick do I need
Hoping someone can help me, I've searched the web for album songs. It's the song where one of the male gigolo's comes on stage and takes off and clothes and it playes a techo type song. I used to have the song a long time ago but cant remember the group. Thanks! (Ps. I remeber the video to the song it was super stupid with the group on a side of a plane  singing or something)
I haven't downloaded any music in a while and was looking for suggestions about good rock songs or bands. I like both old and new rock. Some bands I like are: Red Hot Chili Peppers, Led Zeppelin, White Stripes, Foo Fighters, The Offspring, The Black Keys.  Thanks in advance.
I have two heads: A Dual Super Lead JCM 2000 and a Randall Cyclone. I used to play in bands and bought these two heads to gig, but I've settled down and was just pondering if I should trade those two heads in for a combo amp. What do you think? Are there any good combo amps out there that could compare to either? How are the Line 6's?  What would be a good replacement? I was looking for something with excellent sound that's still loud enough to gig if I wanted to. Plus my taste in music has changed as well. I used to play metal, but I'm leaning more towards blues and softer tones. Which amp is well suited for both blues and metal? The Marshall is a hell of a head, but again, it's just too much(room and power).  Thanks for your help!
i heard it on the radio and have no idea whats it called please help! thanks
I have been looking for this song for four years now. It's called woh pal and it is by Nihira Joshi. Can anyone tell me where can I listen to or download this song? If anyone has the song then I will be forever grateful if you share it with me. Thanks in advance. The song is not from a movie. It is a pop song and was released some time in 2004 and around that time they were playing it alot on MTV and other music channels. But I have looked all over the internet (including limewire) for the song and never found it. You can look at the image from the video here  http://www.indianceleb.com/forum/index.php?showtopic=3732 well I do have an account at that site. But the link has expired so the site does not have the song anymore. That's why I was hoping someone else might have the song.
I was going to go to concert with matisyahu, slightly stoopid, and a bunch of other amazing artists and it was just cancelled, which is devastating. Are there any other reggae concerts happening in or near new york?
So i just heard this song and i think it's like a few years old. The very beginning is like  I'm gonna tell you the game cuz i would want someone to tell my little girl the game. then there's a part where he's like just turned 17 and finally got some hips And then the course is like S-E-X take a deep breath. What's it called? Who does it? Thanks :)
Which is ur favorite and which do you think has more talent, and y?
1.     i can  be your  hero  baby ,......(   sung  by  a  male)  2,.    girl put  your records on ....
you miss me  i miss you something something i guess its yea but what a stress if you dont know.........something something because sunshine will shine for us evryday ..............we got all nite long cuz we have so many love to sung like lalalalala....la or love something like tht i think its reggea but idk i really wanna noe the name of the song......cant get it out of my head!!!!!!!!!!!thank
who sing that song i was standing on the corner just wasting my time when all of a sudden i notice i was the king of the rymes.
if young buck isnt in g unit anymore  why is he on most of the songs on terminate on sight album????
Verse One: You can smell the summer in the air The fresh cut grass floats through my hair I can see his face noticing my stare And today I simply do not care  Chorus: In a meadow under the stars There was lightning in your arms Your lips so smooth against mine Or has time re-written every line?  Verse Thre: Let me go back to that meadow There was lightning in your arms and Trying to stay high, floating low Why don't we just let it go?  Verse Two: Let me go back to that meadow Lay there and think about what we don't know Trying to stay high, floating low Why don't we just let it go?  Chorus  Let's go back to the meadow Kiss on the lips and lay low Watching time move so slow I guess we will never know
tete is this band i came accross and  they have this song called \"love love love\" and I found taps for it but I don't know the lyrics its all in... well acually I don't know were there from,BUT! if anyone know the lyrics in english or can translate them for me I would Greatly appriciate it thanks!
So I am listening to the song \"all around me\" by Flyleaf and I was wondering if in the song she is speaking \"you\" as in god?  NOT SURE someone please tell me what she is talking about in the song?
What are their best songs? What do they usually perform live? How are the mosh pits? Anything else to know..? :D
It was all orchestral.  Started with a P.  It was in d minor, for what it's worth.  It was in a commercial probably about 5 or 6 years ago.
Me, I also like some classic acoustic songs, songs with good piano, piano instrumentals. I know Yahoo won't post this for no reason. grrrrrr...........
my friend and this song that chris brown sings and it goes i don't need you boo instead of with you its like without you i searched on lyrics.com but i cant find it
In the song \"Enjoy the Silence\" by Depeche Mode, around the spot that's 5:14 into the song (it's during the \"silence\"), there's this weird noise, it almost sounds like a voice, and it's distorted, I can't tell what's it saying.  I'm sure that these aren't the words, but it sounds like \"Juicy Blinds\".  Don't laugh, that's just what I hear.  I looked at the lyrics, but there's nothing.  If anyone can help me uncover what it is, I'm just really curious!
i was coming home with some friends and they turned on this song, and i liked it. its like rock, heavy metal...  umm some lyrics  \"i want to end, with my friends\"<<---dont know if thats right umm something bout... idk. i really cant remember... but if u know the band or song... let me know. its a guy singing...
i'm not saying rap is bad, i listen to it...but i guess its mostly because of society.......since everyone else listens to it, you start to listen to it then you find it not that bad, then its ok, then its pretty good, then you love it.......  without society, what do you love more: Rap or Rock?  (i'm personally a rocker at heart) <3 yea lol i like punk, emo, screamo, rnb, rap, *THE BEATLES* (yea...they have there own genre, thats how kool they are)  lol yea its funny to see the white boys playing lour rap music from there cars =^.^=
Im going to see a band next week with my firend (its her first time at a concert) but anyways were going to see The Getaway Plan and i wanted to throw something onstage to the band. But i dont know what?? i thought maybe a party hat (you know the ones with all the glitter?) but i want to write on it, and i cant write on glitter. Any ideas?
Ibanez Prestige edge pro, Fender strat tremolo, Floyd Rose original, Kahler original
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VFoWXpJIpY0
I know very little about the song.  But it's been stuck in my head for about 2 years now.  And all I remember is the intro.  I've been trying to synth it so I could play it for others to help me with the name.  But midi synth's are limited.  I somewhat remember the cassette cover label.  It was a (I'm assuming) painted landscape of a meadow.  Had a few hills and I think a fence.  And it was night time.  There were starts.  Maybe a tree on the hill.  I think it was from the early to mid '90s.  When commercials sell the smooth listening collections on the tv, they usually play this as one of the quips.  If it helps at all, the notes I hear in my head are  D E D E D E F G (D2E8D8E8D8E8F8G - on the synth)  I do know it's not Baker Street.  I love that song.  (For some reason Baker Street reminds me of it)
give me topics folks up for anything
hey there guys i need to know which of these products is good for making real hip hop beats. I got FL Studio 8,Steinberg Cubase SX 3.0.2.623, Current version of reason the demo, and Pro Tools. So could you tell me which would be best for making hip hop beats and why. Appreciate it
Does anyone know what the name of this song si by STYLES P, or what mixtape it's on.......... And the name of the song isn't HOLIDAY feat MAX B
he used to be my favorite rapper a few years ago but i havent heard from him in a while
can anyone tell me a music myspace thing with blink182's - please tell me why song.   I CANT FIND IT. 10pts.   pleaseeeee.
Please don't just put a site name unless u know it has this song.
i'm trying to teach myself how to read piano sheet music, but i don't understand how to read the notes that aren't in the staff. i know about the whole \"Every Good Boy Deserves Fudge\", \"FACE\", etc. already.
Ok so i wrote a song, tell me what you think.  Verse One: I'm new to love. There's nothing to compare to this feeling I'm always afraid of you not loving me The only one that sets me free  Chorus: I love the way you make me feel so safe and so free And yes, you mean the world to me I love collapsing in your arms, I love how you will always catch me. There's a spot on the floor where our bodies used to be  Verse Two: Just lying in the grass Moments like this never used to last I want to hold you forever. I'll be there no matter how many years  Chorus Two: I love the way you make me feel so safe and so free Scream on this roller coaster ride with me I love collapsing in your arms, and I love how you catch me. Our sunlight shines through every leaf on every tree.  (chorus to fade)  what can I work on?  do you like it?
I am loking for someone to write me songs. The person who will be chosen will be in the best answer. Just give me one of your songs and I will choose. Here is a link to the We Rock video if you havent seen it.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IWSPbQwmeRI           Thats the link. Thats the kind of music that I want.
does anyone know the setlist papa roach is playing at cruefest
mines \"and when the night is cloudy, there is still a light that shines on me. shine on til tomorrow, let it be\"
Dear Daddy, I sure messed up I\u2019m sorry for what I did Next time I promise I think twice  And Mama I know you\u2019re mad I promise I\u2019ll try harder And make sure that I do my best  And now I want to thank you For taking it the way you did And teaching me that lesson I\u2019m gonna try to make it up I\u2019m gonna win your trust back And I know This is the first step  And Shaya Thanks for telling I know that was the right choice I\u2019m sorry I put that on you  And Ryan We haven\u2019t talked I know you\u2019ll tell me something Wise and full of experience  And now I want to thank you For taking it the way you did And teaching me that lesson I\u2019m gonna try to make it up I\u2019m gonna win your trust back And I know This is the first step  This song is for everyone That might have been involved I promise that I\u2019m really done And I promise that  I\u2019ll start being that person that I need to be So (end of the song...)  I want to thank you For taking it the way you did And teaching me that lesson I know I needed to learn I\u2019m gonna try to make it up I\u2019m gonna win your trust back And I know This is the first step  Yeah this is the first step This is the first step     I wrote it because I snuck out of the house. I am currently on grounding to where the only things I have are the computer and the t.v. I\u2019m lucky nothing worse happened.
which one would u pick 2 watch for 24 straight hours if u had 2 pick one  which rapper would u punch in the face if u had the chance beside soulja boy
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VFoWXpJIpY0  Also suggestions/ideas for improvement
heres the link something i downloaded on limewire but the title aint right http://boomp3.com/listen/bysl2271t_p/dj-screw-pimp-c-freestyle
I needed to bring a an inspirational song and im not sure what song
i think it may be by eminem, but i'm not sure. it says something about taylor hicks and about this one person who left five comments to himself. probably on myspace. i'm sorry i don't have more on the lyrics, i was at a party and there were other things going on.
what happend at that last show  was there a fight between some psy and cwb'?
i said a boom chicka rocka chicka rocka chicka boom\"?
The song bad girlfriend by theory of a deadman has the same guitar as what really famous song?
I was visiting for the 4th, saw a video on MTV...it was a Latin-looking girl. Some of the words went: \"You're not alone anymore, thats over now, i'm here with you now\" It was beautiful and upbeat, it changes tempo midway...Who sings this?? And what is it called???
post it on zshare.net
Help very much appreciated!
it starts off-  \"women always complaining bout what men do, men never complain bout what women do.  till now\"   thanks!
 Oops.  I finally found it.  it was 3 damn long nights...  The song was sheryl croww and kid rock.  \" I put your picture away\".
it also says something about writing a song like kristofferson would do
From the CD Let it Be--Song is called Dig it.
i love relient k but i'm having the hardest time understanding these lyrics. i don't really think it's a breakup but i don't know.  specifically i am wondering what he means by the lines: \"I'll make the calls, you cover your ears Niagra Falls still flows on new year's\"    here is a link to the lyrics http://www.seeklyrics.com/lyrics/Relient-K/Jefferson-Aero-Plane.html
curse you kid rock, for ripping off maybe the best black humor song ever:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6hQUFGsVf4  enjoy/share thoughts, comment on my song first
TI just got signed to 3 more movies and IMO I think he's a horrible actor...why doesn't Nas get any movie offers?
It goes something like  oye loca ven para aca  then later it says   mevelo mevelo sin parar  im not positive though and im pretty sure pitbull sings it but im not sure though
here are the lyrics... im not paralyzed, but i seem to be struck by you, i want to make you move. because your standing still..... thats all i know of it.
im a music producer for a music group im in a some1 sent me an email sayin: ah on that these niggas so soft song dont put dj matt productions cuz thats like stealing u can only do that if u made the beat. is this true if it is what can i put in the begining of tha song.
I've heard that belting is only chest voice, that is can be mixed voice, as long as the sound is placed in the front of your mouth, etc. Can someone please tell me how you trully do it? I don;t understand.  I feel like I dont even talk in my chest voice, and when I sing in it, it feels and sounds like Im shouting. However, when I use my mixed voice, it isnt as powerful, but it is a lot smoother.  Can someone jsut tell me how to belt?
quotes that are powerful,about love, have a strong message or just sound ill. Please dont let them be to long
i perfer rap and its not abot drigs and girls listen to run dmc
THis is not my list, but a list MTV did, it was on tv and some people were debating over it  There list  10.T.I. 9.Andre 3000 8.Young Jeezy 7.Lupe Fiasco 6.50 Cent 5.Snoop Dogg 4.Rick Ross 3.Lil Wayne 2.Jay-Z 1.Kanye west  again this is not my list, but mtv list, i mostly agree, except rick ross, change him get a guy like common, or the game i think to replave him
There's a song on the movie First Sunday at the end it says change how we walk and change how we talk does anyone know what that is because I can't find it.
what is the new song that plays on many hit stations where the first line or so has something like \"blasting throught eternity\" or \"thru eternity:
I have seen the opera star Natalie Dessay AFTER her bout with nodes on her vocal folds (several, from what has been said) - in 2003 (2 performances) at the Met doing Zerbinetta in Ariadne auf Naxos. Brilliant! They say as Lucia and Marie in La Fille du Regiment that she has lost some \"sheen\" and luster off her top notes. I beg to differ. I studied to be a countertenor for about 4 years, having studied voice all in all about 10 years, and know that the things she does are phenomenally difficult to do in general, let alone doing all the physical stuff she does onstage. She is tremendous, just a tour-de-force. Anyone else agree or disagree?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aMDhi5AqPuI i personally think its really good i really like it alot actually,what do u think? techno-yea i also agree nirvanas is wayyy better but theres is still good
I'm a felmale, 25 yrs old. A couple of years ago I could reach \"e\"(3rd octave) and could hardly sing below \"a\" on little octave. But something changed. Now I can reach g#-a on 2nd octave (I can't reach 3rd octave), but my lower tones became stronger than in the past. Now sometimes I can reach e-f on small octave and the tones below \"c\" - \"d\" on 1st octave sound in breast resonanse and they sound better than in the past. I also have some difficulties, when singing \"e\" on 2nd octave.The english is not my prime language, but I hope you understood. So, what type is my voice?
i need artists who truly have \"beautiful\" voices: Andrea Boccelli, Josh groban, norah jones, katharine mcphee, leona lewis, david archuleta, celine dion, and.......? doesn't matter what genre, just has to make your heart full
She has the fastest beating heart in the world and it makes me want to twirl or somethin like that but thats all i remember
if u had 2 pick which one would you watch for 24 straight hours  MTV or BET  and if u could punch one rapper in the face who would it be beside soujla boy
i just love the sound of the piano. it is so classy and tranquill.
the music i listen to is...   The Sex Pistols... Public Image Ltd... The Libertines... The Rakes... The Flaming Lips... Kasabian... Gorillaz..
I really respect rap and hip-hop but its all i hear anymore. its everywhere. its on mtv, vh1 and before mtv and vh1 had variety of music and now its just rappers and hip-hop. occasionally I find other genres of music. but the other thing that sickens me is the content in some rap songs and hip hop. The language is very bad and the cuss every other line. their music is very disrespectful to woman(i mean have some class) and the music videos are about woman and have woman in them all the time. the music videos are basically the same and its just not fun anymore. dont get me wrong I like some rap and hip hop but alot of rap and hip hop are awful. anyone feeling the same way I am?
the band. they have a song and i forget the name. it's like s[i forget the word] was [or something].  s-- was. i think. what's it called?!
Anyone know the set list for the Babyshambles frontman's recent Glastonbury performance?
ive always wondered if bands like underoath, chiodos, dance gavin dance, ect. use something to make their screams sound better or do they just flat out scream into a mic and thats it???  one of my friends who knows a bit about band equipment said that they use a \"synthesizer\" (sp?).....and if they do use one what kind of \"synthesizers\" do most screamo bands use???
i know its not strictly a lyrics related question but i really didnt know where to put it   we thought we'd cover a famous theme song as a bit of a laugh go to www.bebo.com/trianglecompound and play the song called \"guess where were going with this\"  10 points for naming the theme  p.s. the odd voices at the start is us saying \"top shop\"
Does any one no where to get this song??????
There is music from Edward Shearmur on this soundtrack. It's called Dictatorship and it sounds like I've heard it before. Any ideas? Is it a sampling of another song, or maybe it's been in a commercial? Thanks for any suggestions.
I want to buy the cd by the bay area Indian Rapper Haji Springer but I can't find it any where I live.  I live in Surrey, B.C Canada .  He is one of my favorite rappers  and I would love the cd thanks for the answers
i know its kinda dumb for me not to know, but all i know is there is writing and freestyling but anways....is it when someone writes their verse down? or is it when someone thinks about it,comes up with it, and then just goes off memory?
I think either John or Paul. What about you?
inspired by darth and ladytron's questions about songs being ruined by overplay, or people just hating popular songs  anyway, i have a story to back this one...my teacher in one of my classes at the end of this year was playing the radio in his class, and paint it black by the rolling stones came on the station...this prompted about three girls to simultaneously say, \"it's that song from guitar hero!\"  i was sickened...this is what the universe is reduced to?  anyways...anyone have similar experiences? particularly if you have friends that know jack squat about classic rock but pretend they do after playing songs that are in guitar hero or rock band? i fully agree with you citizen, but i'm making the point that some people only apply the musical sense in terms of the video game
LIKE A MAN IN THE WILDERNESS! Name that song and band.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1K0eknfuix8&feature=related  Links or names appreciated.
not adding Summertime here are some examples feel free to add your own  Can't Stop Won't Stop - http://youtube.com/watch?v=UFHbVnJQdwg  Hotel - http://youtube.com/watch?v=DmTpAnLzkGQ  I'm a Hustla - http://youtube.com/watch?v=W3o3hTOLc7A  My Drink 'n' My Two Step - http://youtube.com/watch?v=gQT_dLF6JbU&feature=related  Feel it In the Air - http://youtube.com/watch?v=V3tGU5UpOW8  All the Above - http://youtube.com/watch?v=tbTdgYD9hes&feature=related  For me it would probably be I'm a Hustla but Feel it In the Air has so much feeling along with the rest of the album that you can really feel his emotion. Thought i'd clarify don't post any Fresh Prince cause I am talking more about newer stuff Kevin D i mentioned I was trying to keep it new I know about the old skool shit
Many of you may find this blasphemous, but are there any musicians or bands that perform electric guitar/rock versions of Beethoven, Bach, Mozart, or Wagner?   I heard At Vance's version of Beethoven's 5th, and I found it to be very refreshing.
Lately I've been digin' old school classical music, Mozart and what not. However I know very little about the music. I was hoping someone out there could briefly eduicate me. Things like, what make a synphonay different than an orchrista. And why do Beetoven's 7th and Mozarts 7th sound completly different. And any other nifty into you might have.  And I was hoping someone could recomend some mellow works, nothing too upbeat or dynamic, just awesome background music.  Thanks (and sorry for the bad spelling, the spell checker don't seem to be working correctly)
I'm trying to compile a list of songs that I want.  I mostly want songs that played on the radio between 2006-2008, in the following genres:  Rap, R&B, Hip-Hop, Rock, Pop, Country, Dance  --or any other songs that played on the radio/in the club.  What songs did you like from this time, or what songs were very popular?
Some people are telling me that I can't get into Warped Tour without anybody over 18. Is this true? This isn't what I've been intending, heh.
The phrase goes \"Arif duuuuuuunya ....something someting something\" it's a guy who's girl gets in an accident and he sings for her and that's something he keeps repeating. Fairly new and I think his first name might be \"Ahmed\" HELP ME OUT PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It goes something like 'turn it up come on come onn now move your bodyy turn it up come on come on'  who sings it and what is it called??
ill give 10 pts 2 anyone who tells me what there fav song is and they have 2 be good decent songs( hip hop songs)
I think she may have been a Country or Australian  crossover singer
we thought we'd cover a famous theme song as a bit of a laugh go to www.bebo.com/trianglecompound and play the song called \"guess where were going with this\"  10 points for naming the theme
im looking for the name of this band, the song i like has a music video where a car wreck happened and a weird doll is singing i have to know the name of this band and/or song please
songs like alex brown'shout etc
Hi,I have been after this song for many years,I heard it on the radio back in 1995 and its kinda stuck in my head since,its kinda rockish,the song is called either tell me what the futire brings,or show me what the future brings,by hmmmm well thats what I dont know,but I kinda think its from a band called above and beyond,its something beyond for sure lol,the radio show I heard it on at the time was actually called one hit wonders,so its a one hit wonder for sure,ive checked Online for clues cant seem to find anything,if anybody knows what this song is called I would really appreciate it,thank you am guessing its from either like 80s or early 90s
They opened for Kiss here in Europe and I thought they put on a good show. Their music is like classic rock. They're not so original but they're catchy.  http://www.myspace.com/cinderroad What do you think of them?
pure acoustic
I know they made Riot! and All We Know. Is there another? Thanks!
they have to be rock! i need some encouraging music that i can learn from about drum beats. thanks a lot. (:
the background is a flute and mr. collipark is featured, I believe. ten points if you know what i'm talking about. thanks its not badd, get it, miss new booty, or say yi yi. . . . . .cant remember the name. . .. . thanks
It goes, \"I will always love you.  I will alwayyyyyys love you.\"  It is NOT that one Whitney Houston song.  The song I'm talking about is a remix to an old song (but definitely not the whitney one...)  In the remix, which is a hip-hop remix, they also go like \"six four\" or something...
cool new raw blues rock bands like the rolling stones, kings of leon, black crowes, black keys by new i mean 90s- today i dont want deep deep blues rock, i want just bluesy rock, like the black crowes
Slow songs or upbeat songs that match water, like \"Pump It\" by BEP please?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dW81uEh_DPY
Does anyone have the lyrics for this song? I haven't been able to find them anywhere =(
I bought Epiphone G-310 SG in September 2006 and I only used it like 30 times maximum. So it is basically new. I bought my amp Marshall MG15CDR in September 2006 also and I used it maxium 30 times. Marshall MG15CDR in store costs 149.99 and Epiphone G-310 SG costs 229.00. How much should I ask it on the Ebay?
I want to know how to learn this so I can sing by using the air from my diaphragm.
i'm most confused about what 'duhai' is.
where can i find singh is king lyrics
The first one is \"I'm trying to be perfect. I'm trying to be honest. I'm trying to be everything that you ever wanted\" and the next one is \" I'm the one you've been looking for. I'm the one you've been waiting for\" Thanks I heard them tonight on 89.7 Way F.M. Please I would really like to know so i could put them on my ipod. I love this songs because they remind me of my old youth pastor
my voice is a little nasaly and i dont know how to fix it. PLEASE HELP.
this iz what i got right now, i want to add more, but i want some advice like what should i change up, and wat should i add to it  give me ideas   im trying to do a remix like everyone elsee.. :/ ohh well  heres what i gotttt  soo any help on shit?      yeah,  i i i i i i i i   im not a millinare but who the fuck cares.  im better than you, ill drop you like a falling bear.   i got the best free style shit, stop actin like a lil bitch, you better have fear, or your gonna know  how to tear, ill kill this song, yeah im sayin yours is bad. are you sad?  andddd i just love a   a millie a millie a millie,  just grab a phillie aaa phillie and relaxxx. forget the... past. and just pass.... OUT  dont care what pplz think, just imagine that your better then them, so fuck'em.  gettin laiddd...... anddd getttingggg paiddd.... forrr tha weeeeed, tooo sell to get the speeeeed.  youu seeeee?  adderal use to help me focus.... now i just use it fo some .. hokus....pocus...
know any? I really like Infected Mushroom and Combi Christ and really \"dark\" or deep techno, not the sissy bouncy high pitched crap.
Its more of a techno, i heard it at a party. It says somehting like \"i know you l-i-k-e this b-e-a-t, the drums in this track are making you crazy\"  Please answer back if you heard this song!  Thanks:), Nate
http://youtube.com/watch?v=LipnAkeKBbU
i have the song listed as the ice is getting thinner in the death cab for cutie narrow stairs album..but thats not it!  what is this song!
Lmaoo last question was posted an hour ago.    Lol  Q:What are you listening to? it didnt post ha thank you lmaooo
Well i think its Kayne west who sings it but its sounds kind of like techno or some beat like that and in the video hes like calling someone and she wont answer.. also he come out with glasses i think and it say something about \"call\"
im 16 years of age so could u tell me a audyion in my age range i'll be greatful also i'm a female hope that helps
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hn2TamMEdD8&feature=related  I think its a remix of The Cure's Lovesong. But I could be wrong.
Jack LaLane?
He has all the tattoos like he's really tough but he's not. The coconut juice is just a new version of the song coconut by Harry Nilsson, how tough can he be copying a guy like this? http://www.nilssonschmilsson.com/harry-nilsson-at-1969-grammy-awards.gif Also, the song for anybody wanting to hear it http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tbgv8PkO9eo
Mine is straight up lil wayne! He is da best and he is a beast! Oh yea and he is fine!
Well all i remember of it was something about a firecracker and something with a fuse right after that, if you have seen the Hancock movie its where he is walking into the prison, down the stairs and the song is playing in the backround
all i know is its by alex C ft Y-@$$ it goes: i hear your voice when know ones around im standing here and imm losinging ground feels like the earth moves under my feet i feel u with every single heart beat........you'v got the sweetest @$$ in the world @$$ in the world
It goes: doo dee dum doe dee dum dee dum, doe dee dum doe dum dee. Lisa playes it at the end of a Simpsons episode. Just found it. It's: Gerry Rafferty Baker Street. Very great song.
My friends and I were thinking of starting a band, and I play lead guitar, and I was thinking of also trying singing. I haven't ever really sang since 5th grade music, so any tips would be helpful. People say you have to just start doing it and keep practicing and practicing, but I'm not so sure. I did notice though that if I'm playing guitar I can nail the pitches perfectly. Thanks. By the way, I like rock music from Foo Fighters, Seether, Family Force 5, to Atreyu, and Bullet for My Valentine.
im making an amv for Riku from kingdom hearts and my friends are telling me to use The Bad Touch by the bloodhound gang
i know there is a newer version because i used to have it. but i deleted it on accident, does anybody know the name of the band who has re-made it?
besides ticketmaster? i need some jonas brothers tickets!
i was in the car with a friend and this song with those lyrics came on and it was funny and i want the song name. please help
does anyone know the line up of performers at party 105's mega jam this year..on long island, ny?   thanks!
ok...there's this song it goes  face down this is where you  too far sumthin sumthin sumthin u'll find peace on the other ground.   idk the rest. please helppp?!!
i love hip hop i just wanted to know what you lot thought especially rock fans that don't particularly like rap  watch here http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H6NHMv3-lf8
After i can get the first line i will be alright i have been going crazy bout it it's about a girl that likes a boy but she thinks that she is invisable
Rapidshare and Adrive Links on   http://doregama.blogspot.com/2008/07/bachna-ae-haseeno-2008.html
what are some good songs.... trying to get more on my ipod... i like like hinder, second hand serande, three days grace etc etc! peace&love.
I absolutely love the Hush sound and I'd really like to play the piano pieces that are in all of their songs, but I can't find it anywhere.
the song kind of sounds like this  decka decka deck, decka decka deck, decka decka deck decka decka decka decka decka decka decka decka deck.  anyone have any ideas?
It has Lil Jon && Crank Dat Soulja Boy song together. I think it's a remix. Plzz help if you know the song.
It's from Boogie Woogie, I just saw it what, yesterday and really wanted to know what the *FIRST SONG OF THE FIRST ACT (DANCE)*  It seems to be a version of KK's \"Bas Ek Pal\" but I can't seem to pin-point it. Hopefully someone can help me. Heres the link to the video.  http://www.dailymotion.com/relevance/search/Boogie%2BWoogie%2B%255B%2BBest%2BOf%2BGroups%2B%255D%2B4th%2BJuly%2B08%2B%252AHQ%252A%2BPt/video/x60n7e_boogie-woogie-best-of-groups-4th-ju
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74qTw2nz6vg
I haven't even laid my eyes on a drumset before...but I really want to get lessons and start learning how to become a good drummer. Drumming seems difficult and I know it will be...but any advice or tips please...or songs I should listen to for now? Since I don't have a drumset...I am conviecing my parents to give me the ones that don't make noise...(to practice) and to get lessons.... do you think at the age of 14 I still have a good chance at becoming a decent drummer?
PLease just tell me this song!! OMG ITS DRIVING UP THE SKYSCRAPERS!  umm.its on american pie  http://www.supload.com/sound_confirm.php?get=1251300969.wav   DOWNLOAD THAT PLEASEEEEEEEEEEE
After searching for a week now, I can not find the title, artist or anything to country song that has a part that says \"You Wanna Hear That Funky Dixieland, Pretty Momma gonna take me by the hand. By the hand hand pretty momma!\"  I am not talking about \"Black Waters\" by the Doobie Brothers. This is a recent country song.  Any help I would be so helpful!
I love listening to heavy metal and I wanna be able to learn how to sing along with it.  I also wanna learn because I am going to be in a band in a couple of years. We are all practicing. I am a girl. Please give me any resources about how to breathe correctly. Thanx
I want to buy it. i hear it also has \"ThunderStruck\".
I wanna know. Hmm, some one said they havent played since 1980...
today, my aunt passed away from liver cancer. she found out she had it 2 weeks ago. i was so close to her and i miss and love her so much.  is there any good songs you know of that could help me get my emotions out. anything is fine. just a gd song about losing someone or dying or missing someone. something along those lines. thank you.  and please pray for the repose of her soul.    rest in peace, aunt pam. imissyou and iloveyou.
one of my friends had a cd of 25 disney classics and there was one song on it, that named all these colors. it went pretty fast and at the end it was like \"and dont forget the blue dilly dilly dilly.......\" WHATS IT CALLED??
I heard a country song on the radio and I really want to download it, but I can't remember the exact lyrics.  It says something about \"does it ever cross your mind\" and \"don't you think i have regrets.\"  If anyone knows the lyrics or the name of this song then it would be a great help!! Thanks!!
my mum says she doesn't like me listening to slipknot because they are satin worshipping, is this true
There was this song that I liked that she sang but I dont remember its name. The music video had this guy who said staop and the music stopped and she started singing. Do you know what the song is called?
tell me how to do it exactly. Give me any resources. thanks
i was watching something on MTV, and they was showing a couple of people debating over the hottest MCs, this was the list  10.T.I. 9.Andre 3000 8.Young Jeezy 7.Lupe Fiasco 6.50 cent 5.Snoop Dogg 4.Rick Ross 3.Lil wayne 2..Jay-Z 1.Kanye West  I have to say i can kind of agree with everything except rick ross,   I think someone like common could replace him for real.  But anyways what yall think of this list and what are your lists.  Also this is currently so i dont mean anybody like 2pac, and biggie
i know i have talent. but how do i know who the right people to share it with are
just for fun... who can finish these lines? and better yet, I'll be really impressed if you know who the song is by and the title (: this is random, my ipod is on shuffle and i am taking random lines:  1. \"let us die young or let us live forever, we don't have the power but we....\" 2. \"you used to get it in your fishnets, now you only get it in your...\" 3. \"i wanna wake up where you are. i wont say anything at all so why don't....\" 4. \"i once had something. something that was so good. better than....\" 5. \"please don't mind what I'm trying to say cuz I'm...\" 6. \"when i pick up on that smell, pick it up and run like hell, little woman...\" 7. \"my baby don't mess around because she loves me so and this....\" 8. \"when i find myself in times of trouble, mother Mary come to me, speaking words of...\" 9. \"I'm selfish as selfish comes, you're giving...\" 10. \"there's a lady ashore, all the glitters is gold, and she's...\"
the worst
ok there is an online contest that i want to enter but i don't understand the second step of these rules, so here they are   This is how YOU can participate:      * Step 1: Grab the official Tokio Hotel concert banner and put it on your MySpace Page, homepage, place it in forums or wherever else you can think of!      * Step 2: Make screenshots of your top THREE favourite spots and submit them to this page.      * Step 3: Fill in the requested details below so we can contact you in case YOU are the WINNER!   does anyone know what exactly i am supposed to do because i have to enter before july 25th so please help me out if you can, thanks everyone!!! :)
i know some music pages will let you download the song but some pages wont so dose anyone noe a good site so i can convert the song off the page into a mp3????
I think this song is pretty new, I heard it on the radio a few weeks ago. It has a girl singing and I'm not sure if it is the chorus or what, but a lot of it is \"Laa la la la la la laaa la la la\" repeated. The voice reminded me of Colbie Caillat somewhat, but I'm pretty sure it's not her. La La by Ashlee Simpson was one of my first thoughts, but it's not that.
i want to know what song says it me or fishing and man im going to miss her its a country song please help
i want to make a mix for a heartbreaker...anything but countryy
please! im desperate! my best friend requested a music video with the song go figure and she's moving away soon! i want 2 finish it before she moves. i searched everywhere 4 that song but i still cant find it or i hav 2 pay 4 tat song! please tell me!
What is the easiest Kaiser Chiefs song to learn for guitar (preferably w/o chords, if there are any.)
i remember the theme was along the lines  having quality time alone eating your yoghurt. And it aint the Nina Simone one-its a slow soul type Barry White type of song with distorted guitar on it. It was a few years ago. Its really bugging me.
actually it doesn't have to be only rock bands, just preferably... and I'd really appreciate names of songs not just bands and artists... i know some bands... Bikini Kill, Alanis Morrisette, Avril Lavigne, Hole... etc... so... yea...
Anyone heard of The Healing Faith?  I can't find any info on them at all. The only place I've heard them was in the documentary \"Hell's Bells: the dangers of rock & roll\" where they played a clip of a song.
i can't find any free sheet music online... or anywhere really...  i don't have much money so i can't buy anything..  it would be nice if i could have some links to free sheet music for helena-mcr  afterlife-avenged sevenfold  a little piece of heaven-avenged sevenfold...  thanks!!
I dont mean like intonation...I mean mainly shifting, playing only the specified strings...the technique behind it.
I know this song by her music video: this guy says stop and she starts singing ..whats it called
i can see it now, the lead singer's like \"Shalom, b*tches.\"
...with the lyrics \"oohh oohh oohh when your calling my name\"..its a rock song! and somewhere in the song they say something like \"dont know whos to blame\"... thanks!
What does it mean when a tone is centered?
i like heavy metal and rap so i dont take sides people say rap talks about dumb things like girls and partying  but motley crue,ratt, guns & roses etc. talk about the same stuff just in a rock beat  is it just that you hate the rap beat and love the rock beat?
I absolutely love Tegan & Sara and am trying to find new bands I've never heard. Rilo Kiley, Kate Nash, The Ting Tings are good too. Any suggestions?  if you have any male vocal suggestions on bands too that would be great. I'm just trying to find new music I've never heard but it's hard...i know alot of music!
there was a song on the radio with sped up billy joel lyrics and a woman singing in between, i think it was you should have known or something like that, but im not sure, does anyone know what it was?
I'm looking for a shorter version of \"Think of Me\", without the character of Raoul singing his lines. I was thinking maybe even sung by someone other than Sarah Brightman or Emmy Rossum? It's for my grandmother's funeral and the interlude with Raoul singing \"Can it be?... Can it be Christine?\" really sort of... ruins the mood, I guess I could say. We just need the main part of the song and if at all possible, not sung in an opera-y way.   Can anyone help me out??
okay i like the whole R &B and Pop genre and i need some topics on a song to write about! to get a feel on the genre i like my influences are: Leona Lewis, Clique Girls, Demi Lovato, Whitney Houston, Jordin Sparks, Jordyn  Taylor, and JoJo! thanks i just need topics give me as much as u can!  thanks! if it becomes a hit i will give u credit just leave ur name! lol
I have pictures if anyone can help me guess, Im trying to sell it so I need to know
I know Red isn't a super-heavy band so I don't need smart-alecky comments about how it's not metal. I KNOW. Just because they're not a SUPER-HEAVY band doesn't mean I can't like them. So, what do you think is the heaviest song by the band Red? I only know their songs \"Let Go\" and \"Already Over\" so are there any other heavy songs by Red? Thank you!
Some of the lyrics: I close my eyes and fade away, take you away, into another galaxy. (its sung in the voice of a girl)
I can't find it on myspace so would somebody please put it up
Oh come on we all have those embarassing songs that we love!  I am secretly obsessed with 80's rock and Cher! Haha!
With my school orchestra friend we are gonna buy a piezo pick up with a preamp. What kind of amp should I get? Also, we want to make our music awesome, not just rock, but some alternative, I like indie, and add sound effects and stuff..what should I get, like a synthasizer? or a keyboard? if so, what kind? Lastly, what recording/computer programs would be awesome to edit our music? unfortunately I don't have a mac so no garageband :( any help/tips/info would be awesome!
for anyone who has already gone to the vans warped tour 2008, do you know about what time Jack's Mannequin performs?
there's this country song that i love they told me the name is jhonny cash but im not sure ...
hey does anyone know where I can find free piano sheet music for layla by eric clapton? I would love to have  the whole song, but just the piano outro/coda would be okay as well (because that's what I really want lol) Thank you!
especially near new york but it could be anywhere in the U.S lolz cuz im 14 really truelly in love with them they are my insperaction and ive never been 2 one or any concert for that matter and would really luuv 2 go....
ok so me and a friend(me apex 13, friend minsaw) started a rap group like a year and a alf ago, and about 6 months ago another friend joined(big boy). We've recorded a lot of songs in mp3 format and have put some of them on our band's myspace page. So i wanted you guys to check it out and tell us what you think of our songs  http://www.myspace.com/bhko  thanks, and please no bullshit answers  the link again  http://www.myspace.com/bhko
I Am Going On A Road Thrip And I Need Music   I Need Bands Like- Paramore Friday Night Boys Cascada All Time Low Killing Heidi All American Rejects    Some Alternative Rock Bands.....Any Suggestions
It's and 80's or 90's rock song.... please!! It's been stuck in my head all day!! it's sung by a woman
Okay I have to songs that I cant find any information on and its killing me, someone please help.  1st Song: Some Lyrics go like.....  \"Up on it, takes me away. Tight with my money so best believe I do what I say.\"  and the 2nd is..... \"Boy I want, to be alone with you, Just to see what you can do.OO your dancing all over me. This is like some kind of fantasy.\"    Please help me these two songs are killing me.   Please and thankyou <3  No that is not Slow Wind By R.Kelly. It is a girl who sings it and its not the complete Slow Wind song
Such as metro station, we the kings, etc etc. They're so..idk..boring? same old same old? I'm not sure how to describe it. Plus, people hear one song and they're the new biggest fan and the song has to play on the radio every 5 minutes. It just gets old and annoying. So typical. Ugh. I know I'm gonna get trashed for this. I'm really just out to look for people who agree, not to offend.
YEA!!!
all i can remeber is the couris goes like this:  one day you'll see me ill haunt you when your dreaming,one day you'll see i was the oooonnnneee. this song is a few years old but please help i really love this song!!
ok i went to a local guitar shop to get some new strings put on my guitar. and when i went there the man says there was a bow in my guitar. and i asked how much it was to get it fixed and he said 50 bucks but i was wondering if there ws a way i could fix it myself?
what are some good songs.... im tryin to add more songs onbmy ipod.... im into like hinder, three days grace, that kinda music!
you know the song lisa marie by lil wayne?? wat cd is that on?? I got it but I don't know which cd its on. Is it a mixtape??
Seems like the chorus began with \"nobody knows\" Sounded a little like Los Lonely Boys.
our band can play classic rock to punk can u help
I'm looking to find the instrumental version of \"A little priest\" from the recent movie \"Sweeny todd\"... can anyone help me out, or point me in the right direction?
is there a difference on the explict version on itunes of the song handlebars by flobots or is there no difference at all. is the explict version of that son the one on the radio? if you can just tell me the difference that would b awsome. thanks.
i just heard it on the radio. it sounded like common. the chorus goes like this : this is hip hop baby bout to take you to the top. it has an ill beat to it. idk if its really common tho. its not the bone bros
This is what it sounds like when gangstas rap(x2) o shiiit this is mob shiiit got my thoughts back and forth like a mutherfuckinn mosh pit WHAT SONG IS THIS??
they sang the song 'Someone'
There was a commercial  a while back for a cable internet and phone installation with this band singing a song. All I remember is that the band name the number 88 in it and it had a chick singer that was really hot. Can someone help?
Here is the issue. I can play with two hands provided both hands are on beat. But what i'm struggling is playing 2 hands in a style like this (not as complex but as an example of the independence im looking for ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SLMoDURUQZU  I can't seem to figure out HOW you can acheive that type of coordination. I'd like to remind you that I CAN play two handed when both hands are on beat like this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nW6LoJt7bkc  (just go to the end of the video)    So my question for you is how can i achieve hand independence so i dont have to only play songs where the right hand and left hand are ONLY playing chords together.I want to be able to play some thing like \"A D A C C A\"  with the left while at the same time playing  some sort of melody at the same time with the right. If that makes sense? I know i need to practice. The question is WHAT to practice!! Thanks in advance
I know only bits of peices of the song.  It's on the website of this photographer, www.cjphotographer.com
does anyone know what it is? please i need help
anyone knows why the pipa player huang shuang replaced ?
What genre would you consider The Birthday massacre (band) to be? lmfao, did that make sense?
I'm trying to remember who song these two songs both of which I can't remember the name to.  First song: It was in was Armageddon and was original song by Aroesmith but I'm looking for the country version.  Second song: It was put out just after 9-11. The title has something like : remember, do you remember... something like that.  Please someone help. This is really driving me nuts!!  MissyC One son (3), 16 weeks 5 days with #2 Alexandra: Thank-you, thank-you, thank-you!!! Ok, I remembered the second one. Alan Jackson's Where were you.  I don't know why I was thinking Rememeber was part of the song (pregnancy brain maybe).
its the song \"sexy lady\" by mc magic.  heres the link to youtube....  http://youtube.com/watch?v=C18s0b-csi0  please help!!!!
its called heart broken i think, it goes like this, heart broken without your love heart broken cause ive had enough heart broken and i dont know what to say i never felt this im heart broken
There is a song I'm looking for where the only place it officially appeared was on a 2005 single (the song is Nevermind by Taxiride).  I can't even find a website that posts the lyrics for the song or find any info on it when I type it into Google. I've also tried the official site, eBay, iTunes, Limewire, torrents... What else can I do to find it?! D:  It's one of my favourite songs and I haven't heard it in a few years now.  Thanks for your help.
electric guitars, amps, how do I operate them, etc.
This Should Be Fun lmfao I Think He's Funny But At The Same Time He's A GOOFBALL lol BTW, From Now On, I'm Not Doing Any Gay A$$ Faces Anymore (I'll Try Not To Anyway)
Helloooo =] Haha. Rock/Pop is probably not the right section for this band but I figured rock was the closest. GUESS WHAT! I DONT HAVE TO BE GAY FOR THAT! wooh.
What type of guitar should she play? How much are lessons normally? And What is the best music could she play? Any other useful information please list
I spent $200 bux to go to Radiohead this August! i'm a HUGE fan!
I have heard those two songs on the radio alot from Viva la Vida, but is the rest of the album any good? I have not listened to much Coldplay and actually if I was to buy this album it would be my first Coldplay CD. Is it worth the $14.99 though?
Get your Sexy on like that , everybody get your sexy on like sexi on  every sexy on like , everybody sexy on like sexi on\"   that is some lyrics to the song Get your Sexy on like that , everybody get your sexy on like sexi on  every sexy on like , everybody sexy on like sexi on\"   that is some lyrics to the song  its sung by a girl
Same as above.
i just got this amp and it has 4 different settings on it metal stack metal distortion overdrive  anyway the only one i can use is metal stack cuz its the only 1 you can get a gud sound from cuz all the rest sound bassy and blurred, even when i have my tone knobs all the way up, gain and volume pressed way up!! cud someone give me some advice on the treble and middle knobs?(i want to get a sound like angus young) by the way i'm usin a strat thanx a mill
Can't think of the name or the artist, either would be helpful, thanks! i thought so too, but i d/l it and it's a completely different song
its a techno song and it says either \"it's time\" or \"this time\" and i think mostly a guy voice
ok so i was on this girls myspace a long time ago and i liked her song but i cant find it... its those emo characters things pon & zi and it says like i love you in it lol I cant ask her cause she hates me so pleeassssseeeee help me!!!!!!!
I first thought the group was The Ataris because I could have sworn I saw that as the group.  This song was probably on The N between 2003 and 2007.  The guy would be playing his electric guitar and then as the music got louder, the room began to shake.  Then in the other half of the song, the band is on stage.
i know it is a rap song. i'm not really sure who sings it. i know that to start off it is doesn't say anything for the first couple of seconds and then it says mayne really loud. then it goes into the song. and i have no clue what it says.
I've found the songs in korean but i wanted to know them in english.
Ok it has this sorta tropical backgrond played with guitar. Somebody humming in the beginning and it was in a Kaiser commercial. Sorry that's all I know :( ..... I think the name of it starts with \"under the _______\". Please help!
so right now i have a epiphone sg special and im lookin to upgrade.. with about 350 dollars im not sure if i should save up or just getta new one now.. how much do you think i should spend, what brand should i get, and should i wait or not.. by the way im lookin for a guitar that can handle hard rock (a7x style) thrash (bullet for my valentine style) and just metal.. so help me out
A violist was in the back seat of a small town's orchestra. One day he found a genie and was granted three wishes, the first wish was that he wanted to be 5 times better then he already was. By the next practice he was principal of the violists. After some time, he wanted to become even better. He went to the geinie and asked to be 10 times better once more. The next day he became the principal violist of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra. After months he still wanted to become a musician. He asked the genie once more but to be 15 times better. The next day at practice he was back in his small town's orchestra but in the very back of the second violin section.   That joke doesn't make any sense to me. What does it mean?
I play guitar and have a few buddies who want to make our own band. We have a name(Ascension) and we want to play rock, hard rock, metal, and some heavy metal. We have a bassist, drummer, guitarist(me), and vocalist but we dont know where to start in terms of the guitar part. I usually can get a good song started with 1 or 2 good sounding frets but after that, I dont know what to play. I was talking to my band mates about doing the lyrics first and then let me work from there but they prefer I work my magic and pull out a sweet guitar riff like I do when were goofing around or drunk and laugh about songs and do our own versions. Anyone know where we could start? Thanks so much. Youll get credit for the first song(I promise). Simply give us a decent start and ill fit your name in somewhere in the credit list :) Thanks alot Ascension
The song is on the movie tailor to pitcher this- \"I was losein myself to somebody else but now i see\" later on it says \"i'm not\" If you no or have any sugestions put them on
OK, PLEASE HELP ME! FOR SOME REASON ITS NOT ON THE SOUNDTRACK! i can tell you EXACTLY where its at in the movie.  Ok right after Vicki tells Kevin that she wants to have sex in the classroom it starts playing and continues playing while everyones getting ready for prom.  I hardly can tell what the lyrics say ..someything \"up those steps, donna your a wall\" or something PLEASE HELP ME!!!!!!
the song is called again and again by madina lake. i already tried limewire
The singer is a woman with a bf in an black/white decor room.  Paintings, furniture etc.  They end the video with splashing colored paint on the walls and each other.  Can't remember the song/artist...please help!!!
i think the song is by linkin park. all i know is it say theres someone out there who is just like me there is.  plz put the title and artist
okay so i need to update the pod! here are the genres i ask for! Hip Hop Rap R&B Country Pop I LOVE oldies also like 50's and 60's but i might try 70's 80's and 90's!! PLEASE AND I REPEAT PLEASE DO NOT PUT ROCK OR PUNK ROCK ANYHTING LIKE THAT! IM SORRY ITS JUST NOT MY CUP OF TEA!!! `~ THANKS SO MUCH Brie
I'm in that mood. ANY song with a slow beat that refers to the past...  Examples are...  *Don't Forget About Us - Mariah Carey *One Wish - Ray J *Wake Me Up When September Ends - Green Day *Footprints In The Sand - Leona Lewis  Stuff like that. I suppose it'll help if they were sad, also.  Thanks very much. =]
songs for hot sex  songs for sweet and slow sex  songs for loving sex  any and all, making a new cd!
What should be the song for my first dance with my finacee? Thanks so muchh in advance! <333  -----------> xoxo
im in like with you not totally in love with you.  i lve it but cant find it and i looked on google. pop music!!!!
I strongly dislike the the pussycat doll song \"when i grow up.\" Its basicly telling girls that they should do \"anything\" to get famous. Its kind of degrading, don't you think? They're basicly high-priced strippers
Whats the difference between techno & Eurodance? I kinda see the difference, but at the same time not really. Some people say there is a difference but i don't see it really.
Its a ginobeat kinda song and its in italian. All I know is that this guy keeps saying \"danza\". Okay I know this isnt much info but its all I got :( Ginobeats is like upbeat music like techno. I tried looking it up on youtube and google and it looks like I might never find it but thank you to everyone who tried.
Alright...I know some of you probably already seen this: http://vids.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=vids.individual&videoid=16093663  Yeah....that's him REALLY freestyling off the top of his head..no pre-written crap like he does on the Mixtapes all the time and they label it \"Hot Freestyle\".  Now Presenting more evidence that he truly CANNOT freestyle: http://youtube.com/watch?v=AhduemicGW0  BTW...the 2nd half of that \"freestyle\" is from one of his songs he did already...LoL!   Alright so after that....My Question is....Is this artist a true Freestyler?(That means spitting of the top of your head which what makes an artist better than most).  And I'm not a Wayne Hater.....I just think he's decent at MOST & not the best/greatest like some make him out to be. And please..don't bring up record sales..Sales only mean how good they are at MARKETING..not talent. Video #2: LiL Wayne 1:46 ready to freestyle: *sighs*...let's see.....umm..*thinking*\"  ROFL!!.....He has to think of a freestyle...woooow... Ms Incomparable: I know everyone is entitled to an opinion...But looking at Wayne freestyle on those 2 videos is not justified as a \"freestyle\"...Looks like alotta thinking & talking..Like he's having a convo with the mic or something....maybe he's good as a Poet freestylist...but a Rap freestylist? no...sorry. Anyone that been listening to Rap Music specifically over years & years can tell if someone can freestyle or not. Greg & TLC: Yeah a CD might be good for an artist...but most of his fans are saying he's the Greatest Rapper Alive because he \"freestyles\" on his mixtape...but he really doesn't as you can tell by the LIVE recorded videos above. That's why IMO I think he's good with his CDs..bad with the freestyles.  Good CDs + Bad Freestylist = Decent artist(at most) Raeann P: Yeah I could only find 2 freestyles where he's LIVE on the radio or being recorded LIVE doing a freestyle..if you wanna call it that.  His \"talking freestyles\"(above) was in an environment where he CAN'T pre-write..where he can't have time to remember lyrics from his songs(but the DJ gave him time anyway).....and look how he failed! And if you think that first \"Talking Freestyle\" was good...then maybe you should check out a REAL FREESTYLE 20 Times better: http://youtube.com/watch?v=O4_JaDXQD-I
I don't know the artist but I know the song is hop-hop. Some of the lyrics are \"Slide and do the coochie pop, ah buss it open for me, I know you waiting for my album to drop, I know you waiting for my album to drop.\" I heard to on the radio but it sounds like Mystikal. Could anyone figure out the name of the song? It's drop by Fat Man Scoop.It;s by a jamican artist. It's drop by Fat Man Scoop.It;s by a jamican artist. Edit : Sorry for my previous typos, It's not by Timbaland. It's by a jamaican artist. He says all the lyrics twice, like \"uh buss it open for, uh buss it open for me, slide and do the coochie pop!\" Something like that.
hi! i just wanted to get help from that kind of genre type of music. you know...  bands like  lydia paramore holiday parade
I heard it back in 2004 or 2005. It was like a male rapping, he sounded Hispanic, but I'm not sure, but it was about his unborn child & how he lost it. It was really nice, & no it isn't letter 2 my unborn child by Tupac.
i really am in the mood to listen to some good rock/reggea. sort of like something you would listen when u r riding in a jeep with the top off!! haha  sorta something like \"caress me down\" by sublime (that type of music)
im interested in getting a new gibson electric guitar. or if i cant a afford one, then an epiphone.  what models come in epiphone that are quite cheap? like less than $500 dollars?  or gibson, if there are any that cheap.
Like, run-on songs. They're abnormally long but they're really soothing and the lyrics are really powerful. Anyone know some songs kind of like those? Preferably in the alternative genre! Thanks =)
question is the answer :P i like  bullet for my valentine avenged sevenfold devil wears prada disturbed stone sour slipknot seether three days grace (some stuff) nickelback(some songs)  speed metal, hardcore, hard rock, etc. lol \"answers\" i ment question
Can someone give me a list of 1980's New Age/Fusion/Electronica groups like Colors In Motion? Are there any sites about this online? Thanks.
The USA get jewed  out of all the cool concerts it not fair. It it cuz there more money over there in europe?   discuss ....  BTW when i say  jewed  i mean To get screwed over or cheated out of something. It not a hate full thing. If you were in a band would you rather tour in europe or the USA?  europe it is nicer over there. if you cant take a joke then i am not joking. I talking about the word jewed
and can u answer my other question its what was writen on lacys arm dering the im so sick music video flyleaf?
i wanna buy a bunch of songs, but don't know much about music other then like a few artists...i want to branch out and also get just like basic good music any suggestions are appreciatted ps...no ansr is too long i will look up each song to decide which i like i just want to say thanx for everyones help i have found a bunch of great songs and hope to find even more:} i would like a bunch of genres to experiment with but i like things like red jumpsuit apparatus, simple plan, boys like girls ,rihanna, and also natasha bedingford. thanx for posting i will keep updating oh and i love paramore
I LOVE Carbon Leaf and have for a while. My friends say I'm a CL nut. Anyone here also a CL nut?
does anyone know why there is no video?
That isn't a single.
...whose first or last names begin with the letter\"R\"? I think the guy I'm trying to look for had an \"R\" name or something. BTW, how come there are no good databases for 1980s Smooth Jazz on the net? So far all I have found are lists, reviews and history articles thrown around. No good, organized, listed database about 80's sax players... There are 1980s databases for ROCK and POP, why not smooth jazz? Thanks.
Shakespeare said \"what's in a name, but a truth we now confess, that every name in the hall of fame, somehow spells success. We're proud of the will we find in Wilson, the man who put the us in USA. And we're proud of Lincoln, too, for he linked the grey and blue and Washington washed tyranny away. But our boys over there, in their dispair... wonder who put the hell in wilhem the third, the man who put the germ in Germany... DON'T HAVE THE TOTAL LYRICS.  Need the whole song and who wrote it for the George COHAN REVUE 1918
1.)  Daddy's Hands 2.)  Daddy Dumplin' 3.)  Daddy Laid The Blues On Me  .......... 3 different artists  --  3 great songs ..........
I want some of the best pop songs ever, doesn't matter how old or how new, I just need a list! Thanks a lot to everyone who helps me out here =)  P.s...I am an Alto and i want to sing these songs so please, no Aretha Franklin..i cldn't pull that one off lol! Thanks!
hi, do you know any songs that are along the lines of you never loved me you are terrible look what youve done you hurt me i hate you father daughter relationship if possible thanks so much let me know if you need anything else
I say my favorite bands are The Beatles and Foo Fighters, people give me thumb downs.
What time should I get there? What should I bring? How much money should I bring? What should I wear?  Any other bits of information you think would be helpful?
I am into Rock & Hiphop. Plz help
A song about butts? This song is from few years ago, the video has a few girls in a talk show who get some powder and they grow big butts with it. the song is a group of guys singing about butts. i think it was a huge hit but i dont know what it is! any ideas? Thanks hace
Hi! I really want to find this song! Does anyone know what it is?! It goes like this: 'There's so much more of me, so much more of you, that I can hardly breathe...' I don't know the rest! Please tell me what it's called/the artist/the rest of the lyrics so I can find it!  Thanks! Nope sorry, it's none of them. It's more of a slow song and I'm pretty sure sung by a guy. It goes more like: da dum da dum da dum And it's more of a love song and could possibly be from the 80's.
Everywhere I check there's so much BS
dont get me wrong i like chris he is still one of my fav. artist, but now it seems more and more like he's changin his style is turnin in2 more  like rihnna's style .i understand he's growin up and doesnt wanna wear hoodies and jordans all the time anymore but his songs r turnin more in2 rihannas style 2 me forever sounds more like a rihanna song
i need a list of some good hip hop songs that u can dance to its for a class i have to teach, it has to be good and up beat not like slow songs that have no beats to it.  - THanks!!! so much
its a rap song.. i think it might be flo-rida but idk.. some words are: \"hot damn, this is my jam\" its a newer song so any help is appreciated Thanks!!
All I remember of this tune, probably from the early to mid 70's, is this  part from the very beginning: man: \"Smoke?\" woman: \"Yes.\" man:\"Light?\" woman:\"Thank you.\" then the woman starts giggling, and the man says \"Hey, baby, there's smoke comming out of your ears\"  sound familiar to anyone? have a link to lyrics or where I can hear it?
I'm buying some songs on iTunes, and I'm wondering what you guys like, I like EVERYTHING! except folk.
whats the cheapest sort of fender guitar? mexican or american? which one is better?  whats the cheapest model? (like strat, tele etc...)  cheers
in movin out....he says that sergeant O'leary was walking a beat....what does that mean??
whats so good about them? i have a squire tele, which costed me $299 nzd, but i want a proper fender, coz apparently they are amazing! what is the cheapest kind of fender?  mexican or american or whatever else there is?  also, whats the cheapest model of fender? like is the strat or tele cheapest? but out of all the fenders  thanks!
in \"it's my life\" he says, \"like frankie said i did it my way.\" what does that mean.
I wanna preview every song that is on the cd just like the record I don't wanna go to the store it's wasting my time and listen to it there also all the stores that sells cd's are closed now in ottawa. I need that for my album collection in songbird specially country. Sometimes there is only one song is good on the cd and the rest are nogood mostly rock I need to preview them to see if I like it before I get them for songbird I only want the nice people to answer this question
http://youtube.com/watch?v=LXwXC1IE_ck&feature=related   thanks.
I am getting married 7-19, and my friend is singing I will love you, but we can't find the instrumental for it..please help???
what do you rekon has the best sound mp3, m4a, amr & wma  i rekon m4a but thats just me
http://www.defsounds.com/rumors/Camrons_rhyme_book_scans  its old but whatever  haha
Songs similar to: 2 Pistols Ft. Trey Songz-That's My Word http://youtube.com/watch?v=YXJJpKuhIBY  Plies ft Ne-Yo- Bus it baby part 2 Fabolous ft Ne-Yo- make Me Better  I'm not big with R&B but I like songs like these, that have a bit of hip-hop in them
Or what are vampirish or vampire themed songs. I usually go with Pretty People Never Lie/Vampires Really Never Die.. there are so many more.
I LOVE THE 90'S! but i'm never sure what to look up really so i ask you this:  What are your favorite rock/alternative bands from the 90's?  I.E.: Nine Inch Nails, Smashing Pumpkins, Oasis, Etc.  Feel Free to include songs too ^-^  person with the most music info from the 90's era gets the 10 pts for best answer so dig deep into your music knowledge!  Thank You!
The Three Words to Remember in Dealing with the End- EP  The Party Scene-CD I am looking to buy Not download
Ok, so im writing a book about this girl who runs away with her best friend.  And I was wondering what would be a good song for the theme. Like when there driving on the freeway. I need a song to be playing on the radio.   -Miki Well, I will accually need both. one for the middle and the end. lol it's -9. =) and Idk. I ask alot of questions and I guess it takes away points when I do. =/
I know that the song has the line in it \"Hey what do you say?\" .. It is not the song by kenny wayne shepherd. here are a few things about the song that i do know: - it is by a man - about getting in a car and driving - a picnic possibly - on the radio last summer  any suggestions would be helpful, thanks in advance.
of does anyone have them?
What are some good songs?? Preferably newer ones.
[VERSE 1] yeah i know i can  write as good as anyone else maybe even better if i do say so myself but if i try to write with ur face in the way i cant come up with a thing, but i feel no shame  its three am, tryin to catch some sleep with all this noise, u gotta be kiddin me but then images of u float through my head my mind is at peace, nothin has to be said  [CHORUS] i can hear my heart, its whisperin ur name u might not believe me, but things r gonna change yeah i know that u might not be able to tell but my love is true, strong as hell and when theres nothin left, babe cant u see all u gotta do is hang on to me...  i know they need a little work and another verse, lol, but how do my lyrics sound so far? be brutal people!!! lol :*) um yeah im into country music so does this have a country feel to it? lol :*)
I say Lincon Park is the best and then comes Matchbox Twenty and Our Lady Peace.
But the problem is.. i'm just a beginner and i'm having a hard time reading notes...  and to make it worst -my violin teacher went missing(LOL) for almost 3 weeks...  could somebody PLEASE help me...  **i'm planning to play this song for my four-year-old cousin's birthday...
All i know is it starts out going, \"oh oh, oh oh, nanananananana\" and then it repeats itself once. lol. I know a guy sings it. arg! i wish i could, but that's all i remember! lol =] ohh!! breakthrough! lol, i just remembered a line, it was like   \"your the only one (something something something) the only other one (something something something)\" lol....
The song was from the 80's, some of the lyrics go like this, \"She's just sixteen years old\" and then the chorus goes something like this, \"If i cold fly, I'd pick you up and take you into the night, and love you like you've never seen, ever seen oooh\"  I'm trying to download some music, and it's a song me and my husband listen to often on the radio, but we can't think of who sings it.  We thought maybe like Journey, but then I don't think it is Journey, but can't think of who it could be.  Any help would be greatly appreciation!  Thanks
I am looking for some good songs to listen too. I like a lot of music but my favorite would be in the punk or rock genre.
http://www.mtv.com/overdrive/?id=1590011  it starts at 9:42 can anyone tell me the name?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OCj_uZbX4QE&feature=related  MQ: What did you think of this movie?
Nothing with any bad language or anything vulgar. I just want something catchy i love music especially love songs. haha.
I heard this song the other day and I THINK it goes like saturday what a day. kinda upbeat, male singer, maybe an acoustic guitar. it was like 3 or 4 days ago. and get the tune out of my head. Its not Elton John or Fall Out Boy
is there a cross anywhere on there?
anyone know any good songs give me anything
Ok so I got an acoustic guitar and started playing it. then about 7 months ago I got an electric guitar, and I am very good at it. I saw that many good guitar players also play the bass. I know that the bass is much more rhythmic, so I thought that it would help me improve my rhythm skills on guitar. I thought that maybe as a birthday present, I could get it (Feb 4). I explained the situation to my parents, and they said that you can't switch instruments that quickly. I said that the bass will just be an addition. We also went to a guitar store, and I tried their bass. My parents admitted that it IS very similar to the guitar, but they still won't buy it for me. I even offered to pay for the bass & amp! What should I do?
Im Openin'  I've got a couple rips in my jeans, My lines aren't straight. I've got a bunch of plain old' tees, with lots of memory stains. but if i could rewind.. dont think i will, not even to be kind... [I wouldnt go back to change anything, that road behind me led me to today] {This is my time, a light shinin' on me. This was my dream,  now my reality. No more hiding behind a door, Scared when someone walks in... That was me before. THat was me then.. but now im openin'} NOt falling apart like i thought, No crushed dreams, nothing lost. Dancing in the game,  not standing alone in pain. [ ohh what was i scared of.....] {chorus} -bridge- maybe im not any good, but i sure can get better. sometimes things you never understood. Stand out the brightest in any weather. {chorus} 21 hours ago - 3 days left to answer.  Additional Details 21 hours ago  Its litterally 1 oclock in the morning and i just happened to wake up around 12:45ish and while trying to go back to sleep i thought of a song so i started typing it up and this is it..i think my best yet.. im planning to sing and play guitar with it at my next family gathering to show them who i really am.
what is that new song that seems as if it has a jamaican feel to it??
This is only for all the Filipino online. I just want to ask who sung this song and title of it with line runs like these: \"Alaala ng nabigong puso ang palaging nasa isipan ko . . . hindi ko akalain na may mahal ka ng iba . . . ang puso kong sugat . . . may bahid pa ng luha ang aking mga mata . . ng ako'y iyong matagpuan.\" Please help me mga kababayan. Thank you so much.
http://youtube.com/watch?v=Va7Pp9ji6oA   ahhah mmmmm...!!!!>> wat do u think?? X]]   1.no. i dont think they showed the people that said no X]] lol
Me and my band are always back and forth about what songs to play. Were into anything from classic rock to punk. We want something thats not too easy but not too hard, something that sounds kinda cool?   Any suggestions (Name of band and song please)
i Just dont get it ? dont get me wrong the song is great, i like it it just makes no sence to me
they made this song in hindi-it's called o sajanaa barakha bahaara aai. i looked for the bengali version all over the internet but i couldn't find it. Please help!
All i know is that part of it says \"without a comment on the weather\"...its kinda slow with a piano beginning
you say you love me but love is a strong thing you say you love just aboutverything bout me but you dont know a thing and im assuring that what you say is all a lie and your here just to waste my time chorus but you better listen up cuase im only ganna say this one i finally have had enough im tired of hanging round all your friends forcing on smile cause its all pretend texting you all day and all night lone just wasting time when i couls be moving on and i only have one thing on my mind and answer for my question that im sure to find you say you love me but do really know what love means  you called me up late last night told me i was the only thing on your mind its wierd how amazing you are like you fell strait from some shooting star i just wanna live my life but i guess i just cant say goodbye but please listen up cause i think this will help both of us chorus im not sure but i think its time to finally say our goodbyes and the last thing i have to say is i finally found my answer today you can say you love me you can say you need me but im not ready cause im the one yes im the one who doesnt know what love means
Here are some groups I know and im looking for the same type of music or similar:  -Skillet -Red -Third Day (I know their a d/f type than the other two)
who all is in the band metro station??? please anser  thanks
can you give me at least 3 famous canadian singers? like rock, pop-in those ranges. other than feist.    pretty please?
Im looking for a song with the lyrics \"over and over again dont wanna be no\"  He sings the \"over and over again\" part softly then goes into the \"dont wanna be no\" part more loud and screamy .Sorry thats all i can remember  It plays on the rock/alternative station and I think it is only a few years old.Thnx!!   It is not  evans blue tim mcgraw/nelly puddle of mud monkey wrench 2 days ago - 1 day left to answer.
The song \"Gorecki\" by Lamb.   The Lyrics are here:  http://www.lyricsfreak.com/l/lamb/gorecki_20081361.html  and the Video Clip is here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W-f8PDZvPYs  Analyze both the lyrics and the clip. Thank you for your help everyone!!
any tips on editing it to make the clips move with the music and stuff? i only have windows movie maker and i cant download anything else. the song is tourniquet by evanescence. some parts are fast and some are just regular.
in your opinion
here's a funky cut by her. under utilized vocal ability here, but i like the groove. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rC9t93D8QzY
im trying to think of a singer/group. all I can remember is that they're british and the singer is a female. I saw their profile on yahoo music and it was a picture of a guy and a girl. their name was kind of odd it started with two constanents i think               the ganera of there music wasn't rock or pop
i know some rappers come out with tour dvd's and i was wondering if anyone has heard anything about kanye west releasing a dvd kind of recapping the Glow in the Dark Tour. i went to a show and id have to say its the best concert ive ever been to
what comes to mind when i mention these regs  so_sincerious bonnie HNIC bish hippity hop simone t angelo bmore chick hhrc ant NT chuck norris puredelight escobar eason  play if you must everyone give i luv it a thumbs down Nate A thats why i picked them
Which artist's music is the most annoying... Diddy Nelly Will Smith Chuck....if you like that chessey crap Will Smith had to offer then your the fool Cheesey damn it @Chuck...lmao I didn't say Fresh Prince....Will Smith is in the list because of Jiggy With It,Men In Black, Miami, Switch etc....annoying!!!!
I'm looking for songs like  How Great is our God You are my All in All. The rock bands that youth sings. like hillsong, david crowder, chris tomlin, etc
what song were they singing talking about trashing pres. bush and how stupid the military is? tell me the name of that song please.
i just watched this live and thought they were playing at incredible speed, so i was wondering if it had been sped up or if it's normal  http://fr.youtube.com/watch?v=ZlbgZngtMB4&feature=related
I know this song is by Reel Big Fish, and I know some of the lyrics.  It's something to the effect of \"You don't know what it's like to me like me, you don't know, so keep your mouth shut.\"  If you know the song  title, please tell me.
It all sounds the same. There is nothing unique and speacial about it. It's mostly about how some dude's about to bang a girl he met at the club. Please don't be rude because I wont be. I just want to know why people like it. I'm not judging it by what 12 year old white suburbean kids like. I'm judging by what 15 year old black ghetto kids listen to. (Not ment to be a rascist comment. my bff is black, so don't hate) I listen to rock, and metal, so yeah. Ok, I feel like i'm being attacked, so I just want to clarify that i'm not trying to be rude and sorry if it's comeing off that way.
its for my myspace profile
My sisters needs it today. Her instructor told her to download it. She's doing an audition and needs the piano sheet music downloaded.  It's called: A Whole New World from Aladdin
What rapper do you think spits the MOST truthful lyrics about ANYTHING?  I'm talking about when you hear a track it makes you wanna just think about it all day..or a track that actually changes how you see something or someone. He/she could spit about other Rappers, Life, The Government, The Ghetto...Anything! IMO...Immortal Tech
Out of the 3 new male country newcomers who's your favorite? Luke Bryan Chuck Wicks Kieth Anderson  Mine is Chuck Wicks
about being used?    like, between a boy and  girl?   i like relating to songs.  list the name and title.     i already heard \"dont tell me\" by avril lavigne.
What Are Some Songs I Should Put On My Ipod?  (( I like hip-hop,rap,pop,Beyonce,Neyo,Rihanna,Ashley Tisdale,Vannesa Hudgens,Miley Cyrus(not Hannah Montana), Well........... You've got what i like.  Which Songs !!!!!!!!!!!!!! (I'm going crazy!!!!) lol
song title + artist
Does anyone know what the name of this song si by STYLES P, or what mixtape it's on i've been trying to find this song for a while can't find the lyrics or anything
It goes something like \"I'd follow the ocean\", or something like that? A guy sings it. It's not Swalled In The Sea by Coldplay. It's like alternative rock, sort of. Any help? It'd be so appreciated. Thank you . It's Walk On The Ocean by Toad the Wet Sprocket, thanks anyways, I listened to Blue October and they are definetly...terrible...
the singer of the song is male and sounds asian and everyonce in a while speaks in what sounds like japanese
Im not talking about the sitar riff. It almost sounds like an acoustic guitar being strummed but the strings being mostly muted. can anyone help?
i cant get it now where eles i looked very hard on google limewire frost wire and mostly all the psp sharing sites   and i really need it   http://www.cduniverse.com/search/xx/music/pid/7462567/a/Real.htm  i would buy it but i dont have a credit card neither do my parents  so will pelease download the trackst and give me the url   and post them http://zshare.net/  i would do the same for you infact i had did the same for people who couldnt find songs that they wanted   so i am basically askin would u download the tracks so i can have them http://www.cduniverse.com/search/xx/music/pid/7462567/a/Real.htm and put them on zshare.net   thank u so much
The BBC had an advert which said something about pressing the red button to watch Glastonbury highlights. The music for the add is a catchy bass line. Anyone any idea what song its from..?
If anyone knows where I can find an extended version of the song, please let me know.
My friends were talking about a good metal band that knows how to pig squeal.  I think the name was somethings like no something cowboys.  Does anyone know what the name of the band is?
What's the first song in this video??  http://youtube.com/watch?v=0E0wgJbMMg0  Thanks who is it by??
it goes like this :  one part is :  i see u looking at me   the in the chorus is : dance with me dance wih me  i really need to know what this is called so i can use it for a dance for cheerleading.
In univision and telemundo you can hear these songs. The song goes  con tu sonirisa en mente  yo vivo yo ando por ti  and thats all i can remember for now.. =]
The other day, I did this experiment post: http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AmhXCP4rwew6ctlQAVQF8Svty6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20080703145227AAZKQ5o  What I wanted to do is take the best, most realistic sounding pop star name & then find some random Myspace pop song & use a pic of some random singer JUST to see how easily (or difficult) it is to convince young pop fans into wanting to hear/buy a \"new  exciting singer\". :)   A semi-fictional pop singer that we sort of created here.  Here go the results:  http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AorVUlhOi6yOjSb7LTOA0a3sy6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20080705085049AAkZ08j  http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Asift8PI1hZCd0mtzTodSFLsy6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20080705085213AAHQVFx MQ: What're your favorite pop songs by decade? VT- I know. \"Dear Mr. Fairgrounds Music Promotional  Team Man,  I liked the song. Is it on iTunes?\" :)
some of the word: \"dont stop, stay beautiful\"  and its a new song
there is a song its \"suppose\" to be called so over you....i dont know but the chorus says\"i found my true love & im so over you cuz me leaving you made me a stronger man me and my new baby go so many plans so sorry for you....\" please help!!!!
We are in the process of confirming appearances for our artist and want to know what areas would be most receptive.  We have the people and places that come looking, but would like to know people and places that might not have heard of what we do...so please share me your opinion - on the vocals, delivery, the lyrics, production...anything that's actually CONSTRUCTIVE to us spreading our art.    www.ReverbNation.com/gemavery  TIA!!! * * *  If you are not a fan of this type of music then PUH-LEEZE do not bother posting just to get 2 points saying \"sorry, I am totally into classical\".  Just answer a question about classical if that's what you are into.  I don't need or want to know anything in response other than what's asked - this question is for fans of ambient, soul, rnb, alternative, neosoul...in other words - people who have some kind of qualified opionion of what WE do.    Thanks again...
The video is strange... but do you like the song? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GMKgFeMoQQA
i heard joe budden and cassidy suppose to battle on fight club
hi i need help with this song it came out last year its a purle hippo singing and there a fly and a goat trying to kill theme self
I do! Well, I like his old stuff, that is. What about you?  I know he's a weirdo but I'm like in love with him too! Well, the old him that is...
This song is techno and a guy is singing. In the chorus it goes \"ooh ooh we are driving too fast. ooh ooh...\" (continued). Does anyone know what this song is?
What is this song  they play it when they are getting ready to raid his house
I just started to listen to him and i need a list of his best songs
does she follow buddhism, hinduism, christianity, islam, etc? just curious...
the only parts of the lyrics i remember were something like \"baby you want me, you want me.. ooohh\" repeated over and over, there was both a guy and a girl singing.  i heard it playing in abercrombie and fitch.. it's the techno-dance-trance type music they play in there.
Hi,  I was listening to the radio the past 2 days and both days I heard this one rap song that had the beat of \"Better off alone\" in the background.   I'm not sure the name of the song, I'd like to find out. Any help is greatly appreciated!
They  don't have it on I tunes
okay, theres this song and i REALLY want to know who it's by and what it's called.  the lyrics are,  ''i know you have 20 reasons to leave, but let me give you one reason to stay.''  or something like that, it's on the radio alot.  it's by a rock guy band. not maroon five though but if you have any ideas tell me?
I remember hearing somewhere that it's sometime this month, but I didn't catch a particular date.  Anyone know?
cz i want a cool rington
Firstly, please nothing rude, negative, or cruel.  Whoever can give me the most full lyrics (partial lyrics are fine too) to the songs below will receive 10 points.  I would greatly appreciate this.    1. BB Good \u20282. Burnin\u2019 Up \u20283. Shelf \u20284. One Man Show \u20285. Lovebug \u20286. Tonight \u20287. Can\u2019t Have You \u20288. Video Girl \u20289. Pushin\u2019 Me Away \u202810. Sorry \u202811. Got Me Going Crazy 12. A Little Bit Longer  Thanks so much!   ***P.S. You don't have to include \"Burnin' Up\" or \"A Little Bit Longer.\"  Thanks again!!!
I want to be cakin and livin Jamaican, yo!?! word bird is the word!?! word
Don't Tell Me\"  You held my hand and walked me home, I know Why you gave me that kiss it was something like this it made me go ooh ohh You wiped my tears, got rid of all my fears, why did you have to go? Guess it wasn't enough to take up some of my love Guys are so hard to trust Did I not tell you that I'm not like that girl? The one who gives it all away, yeah  [Chorus:] Did you think that I was gonna give it up to you, this time? Did you think that it was somethin I was gonna do and cry? Don't try to tell me what to do, Dont try to tell me what to say, You're better off that way  Don't think that your charm and the fact that your arm is now around my neck Will get you in my pants I'll have to kick your ass and make you never forget I'm gonna ask you to stop, thought I liked you a lot, but I'm really upset Get out of my head get off of my bed yeah thats what I said Did I not tell you that I'm not like that girl, the one who, throws it all away  [Chorus]  This guilt trip that you put me on won't, mess me up I've done no wrong Any thoughts of you and me have gone away  [Chorus]  Better off that way I'm better off alone anyway please be very descriptive =]
i think tis lincol park, some of the lyrics are\"nothing lasts forever im sorry i cant be perfect\" thanks!! <333333333
The words are very random. Does anyone know the point to them?
I'm trying to find out information on Wilbur Sayles from Austiin, Mn.  He does Hymn time on the radio Sunday mornings. Can anyone help, hoping to find CD's.
I would like to stay in basic tuning drop d is ok I think that means its DADGBE right? I'm gonna be lead so no chords unless its chord shaped and its single notes like hey there delilah or one by metalica TYVM
Is there a site where I can build my own fender? Like choose between pick guards, necks, colors and all that?
ok unless u have seen the wiii commericals im not then u cant help me!!!! eh what is the name of the song or the band that is playing  they are on a stage and they are endorcing wiiiii the thingy please help i love that song
Where is a good place in coral springs where I can get acting and singing lessons? I've never had any kind of practice and I really want to be a singer/actress so I need to start getting a lot of practice. I would like to be able to be actually going somewhere within the next three years. How much does the John Casablancas cost?
can somebody tell me some of the best recent hip hop albums...
I got a VIP and can go onstage for one of the mainstage bands.  I'm trying to decide which one to pick, so if you could give me a list of all the mainstage bands that would be amazing. Thanks! <3 I was able to get a VIP pass by entering a contest on www.warpedreporter.com
I keep hearing a song on the radio that I really like. The last line is \"Why can't you just love me back?\" I really like it and would like to find it, but I can't. anywhere. Any help?
i need a sond that explain how i feel about this one girl
lyrics-- \" i dont wanna waste my life away \" then after it goes heyy ohh i think
Why do my nostrils flare when I sing? Is it because I'm too nasal? How can I stop this from happening? Well, I mean, not to brag, but i AM  pretty decent...actually I'm a great singer. haha. but i just wanna know if i could do anything to fix this. It's so annoying!
or shound i get a different bass
When I sing my friends call me tone def, and I really am. I play guitar and i can't tune it without a tuner.  So I was wondering what are some websites or methods, that would help me, train me to sing?? Or training my ear. What do you guys recommend?  And I have no time for chorus, and I have no money for a singing teacher.  My friends actually say i have a decent voice, its just I'm tone def as hell.  Thanks! =] <3
my favorites are Maggot brain by George Clinton, The Rush Soundtrack by Eric Clapton, and Carlos Santana. so anything like that would be great. not rock groups. I like rock but I want instrumental.
The title explains it. I don't want to deink or smoke, so any other tips?
i really missed the 90's song and the 80's ,, modern rock bands really depresses me,
Okay, which saxophone sounds very high and similar to a trumpet, but softer? Alto, Tenor, Soprano? Alto means \"high\", right, so would it be Alto sax with a trumpet piece/reed on the mouthpiece? I don't actually play sax. I just thought that I read that somewhere just now about the mouthpiece. Oh, right. I know of the cup some trumpters use.  This sounds like this is going to be difficult to figure out. (The pitch I'm thinking of...)
i was playing and while playing, dust just came up from the strings. wtf. i inhaled it too by accident and now my lungs are killing me. has this ever happened? this was my first time. i play it every day, it just came from the strings.
i've heard this on the radio and the only words i can remember is \"she saidyou gotta love yourself before you can ever love me\" and the guy singing kinda sounds like buckcherry unless it is. can u help me out??
Im trying to find a good book to teach me to play the guitar. I took lessons but they were too expensive and i stopped playing for awhile. Im looking to get playing again but Im still a beginner. Any books or DVD's you recommend?
I've searched Ultimate-guitar, Country Tabs, and 911 Tabs, and can't find it. I was hoping to surprise a friend when she comes back from out of state. Even just basic chord progressions would be great. Any help is greatly appreciated!
I know a couple rappin ice cream truck drivers!?! word
i've been trying really hard to teach myself..haha cant do it tho, ya im not that talented but i can hit the note right.  i would sing 10000x better if i knew this technique. thanks all!
sadhana sargam is a bollywood singer
i heard it on the gravitron at the fair in my town last week and i can't seem to find the name of it. it says \"nine minutes\" or something a lot in the chorus. i don't know if it is \"nine minutes\" but maybe something similar? if you have any ideas, please post the name and i'll check it out. thankssss
What combination you think can make or turn any band into a sucess?
Does anyone know any neo-classical metal bands that do rock versions of classical songs by composers such as Beethoven, Mozart, Wagner, etc...  At Vance did Beethovens 5th, but I want a band that does either all classical songs OR their own stuff plus classic.   My favorite is the german composers, and modern german bands, so if it can related to germany that would be great
And if you are a guy would you be embarassed to say that you like ska?
self explanatory. so what song has it? i love free bird and it is an amazing solo but it was two guitarists so i dont think i could put it number 1. even though i love that solo.
no rap or country. acoustic or alternative/rock. even hardcore/breakcore/screamo/grindcore... w/e. lol. i'm going on a looooong trip tomorrow, so i need some new music.  thanks.<3 [:
I heard this song on the radio and I can't find it anywhere! A man sings it and he starts out singing about how he's had great times w/ his girlfriend but its time to move on and then he says:  Girl, I.... I like your sister! Girl, I.... I kissed your sister!  If anyone knows what this song is called or who sings it please tell me!
I Like \"Gossip - Lil Wayne (LIVE)\" Way More Than The Studio Version =D Live Version... (Look How Funny The Guy Looks At 1:48 LMAO) http://youtube.com/watch?v=l6E3N-0U4Nc Studio Version... http://youtube.com/watch?v=sWGtWZIDGvk ^^^ He Sounds Mad Homo On That Version ^^^ I Agree With Stan =]
i turn of the radio instantly... hmm they gottin really bad... i am sad
it goes like \"baby girl i never wanted to see you go, and i can't lie i wish you could be here once more, im addicted to love with you\"???  it's also on dis video--------->>>>>>http://nothingtoxic.com/media/1212261981/Sweet_Victoria_Takes_her_Turn_to_Sex_Up_NothingToxic
dicuss
i heard the song today and it sounded so familiar. but i couldnt figure out if it was from a commercial..or movie or what. if you could just let me know thanks!
what is a good first guitar (electric) to buy for $300 or under that will also last me for a long while
I LOVE this freakin' song! But the more I listen to it, the more I wonder if it's about Kurt Cobain. What do you think, or better yet, do you know if it IS???.... \"Let It Die\" - Foo Fighters Heart of gold but it lost its pride Beautiful veins and bloodshot eyes I've seen your face in another light Why'd you have to go and let it die?  Why'd you have to go and let it die? Why'd you have to go and let it die? In too deep and out of time. Why'd you have to go and let it die?  A simple man and his blushing bride Intravenous, intertwined Hearts gone cold your hands were tied Why'd you have to go and let it die?  Why'd you have to go and let it die? Why'd you have to go and let it die? In too deep and out of time. Why'd you have to go and let it die?  Do you ever think of me? You're so considerate. Do you ever think of me? Oh, so considerate.  In too deep and lost in time Why'd you have to go and let it die? Beautiful veins and bloodshot eyes Why'd you have to go and let it die?  Hearts gone cold and hands were tied. Why'd you have to go and let it die? Why'd you have to go and let it die?  Do you ever think of me? You're so considerate. Did you ever think of me? Oh, so considerate.   In too deep and lost in time Why'd you have to go and let it die? Beautiful veins and bloodshot eyes Why'd you have to go and let it die?  Hearts gone cold and hands were tied. Why'd you have to go and let it die?  Why'd you have to go and let this die? Why'd you have to go and let this die? Why'd you have to go and let this die? Why'd you have to go and let this die?  Why'd you have to go and let it die?
A camp I go to has a talent show thing. It is a Christian camp... I'm thinking about singing a song with a friend that plays guitar. The thing is...I'm not the best singer. Can you list some songs that are simple, like not a lot of high notes etc...and are Christian songs... I'm kinda look at the Christian rock songs, but I'm not sure what song to pick. Thank You
Me and my friend are trying to start a band but we're having a problem with the instruments and stuff. We decided that im singing and my other friend beth is on drums and my other friend Kaleena is still deciding between guitar or keyboard. Is a bass necessary in a band or will it still sound good without it? And should I play a backup guitar or is that not needed also? Thats the only instrument thats causing issues. Thanks WE DO KNOW HOW TO PLAY THE INSTRUMENTS!!! we just need to know if we should put the instruments in the band or who is going to play them!!! (dumbassess! [Only to the people who said it so rudely])
This song was popular punk in the 80's.  It had lyrics like \" living it up is the best thing for you\", and the famous line \"Yea yea yea yea yea yea yea yea yea\"
Its in the very first fast and the furious before they raid the chinese persons house when they are getting the swat ready
what rap song says sumthing along these lines   \"he was good but u never had great when  im done your legs r gonna shake\"
If you have heard him, what do you think? We on is a good song. It was on his Testimony of Gemstones mixtape. Really good tape, you should check it out
alright so theres these two songs we always used to sing last day of camp.  This is some of the lyrics, it could be wrong. but please if you know what its called, tell me!  \"And the seasons, they go round and round. and the painted ponies go up and down. standing here on a carosel of time. we cant stop, we can only look,  behind from where we came, and go round and round and round in the circle game.\"  (or something like that) and the other one, i know one line. it goes-  \"rainbow love is just to strong\"  (or 'much to strong'?)  please if you know the titles tell meeeeee! thanks!
?
Okay, I know I've heard THREE DIFFERENT VERSIONS of this song. My fave is Rascal Flatts because I think he makes it seem like it has better meaning to it! (It's my opinion) I've heard, Mark Willis singing it, I've heard Rascal Flatts sing it, and my least favorite Cascada. Why? Because she makes it like theres absolutely no meaning to it. Who originally sang it? Why are there 3 different versions. Who wrote the song too? I'm just wondering because this is one of my favorite songs.
song from coldplay like  -easy to please -trouble -The scientist -sparks I also love Justin Nozuka\u2665
it is a rock song it is kinda popular right now  the verse or whatever is something like im not alone escape from this place of mine.... or something like that
currently, i've been obsessed with these songs: wake up by story of the year same blood by the academy is... the rest of my life by less than jake the sound of truth by as i lay dying  can you think of any other songs similar to any of those? if not, you can just name some songs that you think are awesome (rock only please).  thanks soooo much for your help  BONUS: what is your favorite song that has no vocals?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AuK2A1ZqoWs  and what EXACTLY does it mean??
so like a month or two ago when mtv hits was giving their live performances hitlist i saw this video that was a concert of this band. from what i remember the lead singer had all red on and a great guitar solo. and i think that the song is on guitar hero III. ok..again i watched this video on MTV Hits which is a 24 hr video channel that IO cable has
i really want to hear more of their stuff so any answers would be amazing!   thanks people! =] <3
 Are you asking or answering,
yea the lyrics were like \" i dont want to live your dream\" if you know something like that let me know. btw it was like punk rock sounding
im starting songwriting, & i need help with a pre-chorus, the songs about bullying & lonely-ness  chorus goes like this  cause im feeling crazy i have to let go cause im feeling stupid & angryy & low just leave me just leave me cause i hate you so Just Go   thanks <3 x
i like them a lot and want to know 10 really good songs they have. any help would be great! =]  You guys are awesome! =DDD
Can you tell me the name of a good song that is really fun, and bouncy.   not to cartoonish  i'd like it to be english :)  name of song and artist please  thanks
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE HELP ME OUT CUZ I GOT REALLY GOOD SEATS FOR THE CONCERT BUT I REALLY WANNA MEET THEM TO SO CAN YOU PLEASE TELL ME IF THERE IS GOING TO BE AN OPEN MEET AND GREET ON JULY 6TH(TOMORROW) AT SUMMERFEST?
....and Colors In Motion? Jazz-fusion/electronica/\"new age\" groups who did music in the 1980's and 1990's?  I have a particular song in mind that is in A minor and it sounds like a mix of pop and new age. Has a medium-fast tempo. Don't know the name of the song or group.How many songs could that BE? :D)  Thanks.
try to include details like guitar tuning, ect
It says in it a lot \"Sugar, sugar how you get so fly\" & that's all I know, lol and it was like a rap/rnb song and another song it says in it a lot in a high voice \"Will I ___\" and says different stuff after each \"Will I\" I heard it in the credits of the movie Taxi. I tried looking up the soundtrack for Taxi but I couldn't find the song so yeah, hopefully you guys can help me! thanks.
I can't really decide what I like more out of these 2 new singles ...both great by the way...so i ask what yall think is better?  Hero by Nas and Game's Pain by The Game I'll say Game's Pain Allusion- lol, trust me...it's Game's Pain http://youtube.com/watch?v=6n_GJjwP79s
I am not very good at English since its not my first language. But I heard this song today in one of the H & M store and loved it. The song is sung by a female(very different voice).. The lyrics (not in the particular order)  .......... I don't want to get the blame ........but we can try again(this kind of repeats many times) Hope someone can help. Thanks Thanks for your replies...I listened to the songs mentioned in the replies but they were not a match(all beacuse i couldn't catch the lyrics well) Thanks for trying to help me though... The song doesn't have loud music/beats and a female sang it. The more I i think i feel the the lyrics were like.  ....we can try ......i don't want look back(or bad).....  This was getting repeated many times.
Cheating?
i dont listen to rap that much but i heard somthin on the radio and i cant rember what it was??? but if you dont listen or dont no what hot 101.9 is then just tell me some newer rap kinda songs   pleaseee thanks \u2665
His name is tiger, or something close to that. And there's this song on the tv that i kept hearing on that commercial. i remember the commercial had a green back ground to it. and it also sang temperature by paul wall. sorry, i'm just trying to give as much detail as i can. that song is driving me nuts; i need to know what it is, haha :]
Can y'all give me a list of jazz-fusion/smooth jazz saxophonists (i.e. Kenny G, etc) that made music in the 1980's? Thanks.  (A particular song in mind, is in D minor, and it is done by a trumpter or saxophonist, who is a male, and his song sounds like a mix of pop and smooth jazz. ) And please, no smart comments about how the genre is \"elevator music\". Don't wanna read THAT; don't wanna hear it. :) Oh yeah, I like \"Rise\". I thought of him as the trumpter of that song I'm looking for. But I doubt it, cuz I forgot the dude's name...It began with an \"R\" I think...
Which is the highest type? Which is the lowest? I want to know which one I am because my normal voice is high when I sing
does anyone know the name of the song on the new rock band commercial for the wii because i've looked all over the net and I can't find the name of it.
One day there was a clarinet and he what all the over instrument to hear he music. But the instrument in the town did not what to hear he music. He thick he was the beast playing instruments in the town.  The clarinet love to play rock and pop music. What all the instrument love to hear the triangle play classical music. The people in the town did not like the triangle they like the clarinet. But the bost of the town so they get what they what all of the time. Then one day the clarinet said I what to play some music so he did. Eh when and play music. What is going on I cannot hear the triangle. I thick the clarinet is playing said one of the Instruments. Yes the clarinet id playing. Some of the instrument like the clarinet music. But the I like the triangle music. No I like the clarinet music. No triangle music. No clarinet. No triangle. No clarinet. No triangle. Clarinet. Triangle. The people in the town did not like this. I know said one of the people you can play at the some time. That is do good idier and all the instrument and the people in the town love it. The end. By Sara Ridgwell
Just post your pics     simple  directions
What are some good third wave ska bands besides Reel Big Fish, Streetlight Manifesto and Mustard Plug?
In quite a few of his songs, you hear about his daughter Hailie (not sure how you spell it), and there was even a song dedicated to her. In the song when I'm gone, he mentions another girl, Haylie's sister. Is that his daughter from another girl, Kim's daughter from another hookup, or kim and Eminem's kid? I'm confused because I dont really hear about \"Hailie's sister\" that much in his songs. Is the other girl \"his\" daughter, or Kim's (stepdaughter?)? Why do you only hear just about Hayley (again, not sure how her name is spelled)???
well we all know that mtv made a list for the \"hottest\" rappers in the game right now. But Two Things:  1) Who are the Top Ten UNDERATED RAPPERS being from hottest to least hottest                                                             and  2) What would be YOUR TOP TEN List for the hottest rappers in the game right now.   please comment and try to get others to comment as well. my top ten UNDERRATED-  10) Mims 9) Young Joc 8) Lil Boosie 7) Juelz Santana 6) Big Boi 5) Slim Thug 4) Lil Flip 3) Young Buck 2) Bun B 1) Ludacris im talking about mainstream for the moment, but yall can list hip hop artists in general  Tech N9ne and Big L to name some, lol
when i miss you and you are so far away i just close my eyes and i can see your face....\"  anyone can help in this song name, lyrics, anything
I'm looking for the piano sheets but I can't find it anywhere.. I want the same one they have up for preview on musicnotes.com but I'm looking for a free one that I can download in a pdf format or something. I heard that you can find it on http://newsheetmusic.blogspot.com/ but I searched the site and haven't found a link for it. Please help! Thanks! :)
I only caught a few lyrics but its a girl singing who kinda sounds like Christina Aguilera with that voice.   They go....   \"You've got the right face we're in the right place... caught in the moment\"   I heard it on degrassi the scene where Darcy is letting Peter take those \"sexy\" pics of her.
What are yours? Because i feel like the only person who listens to good music anymore and i have to say classic rock is the best
Who's the guitarist for this song (I Was Only Joking)?   Is it Jeff Beck?
i kind of want a massive one, and every time i look for Billy Idol posters, theyre usually always like, small.   i need specifics.
like when singing too music it gets harder like my voice stalls in a way. how can i learn to control that alittle better?
i really like their music, but whats a fan that doesnt even know the people(s) name? like i know theres a girl in it. hehhh ok nuff said.
This has to be one of the worst songs ever made!! lol   Everytime i hear it i feel like im missing some inside joke because no one in their right mind could think this song is worth recording!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kkJPiTIyZ8  i mean, WTF?? am i missing something?? yeah the vid is funny. pause is at 1:03 and/or 1:04  HAHA!!! i should mention this is the 2nd time ive seen it on a top music video show, so its a real song from way back.
And how much are they for backstage passses ?  Metro stati\u2665n is having a concert with faber drive and Simple plan .
If you like Rock or Alternative, you will love this band  The Raconteurs.  They did Steady As She Goes and Broken Boy Soldiers  Get their CDs, They're awesome. Very fun videos yes.
Does anyone have the bass tabs for Halo by Machine Head. I'm dying to know how to play it on bass, but NO WHERE has the tabs.
I need to know them lol just so i can follow the words better LOL
I'm from Australia and one day I WILL go to Warped Tour, just wondering which dates would be best to go to.
Who else think they runied this amazing Beatles song?!?!?! [Hello Goodbye] >:[ grrr  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bpx-wmVUzh4&feature=related If you hate that vid, youll hate this one even more..its more detailed  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4bJgNnKbiM8&NR=1 Thank you all :] I would choose all of you as BA but i cant so ill put this to vote. :] to whoever agrees with me, i love you guys :D haha
Do they swear at the concerts other than the songs ?
it goes something like this esa mujer tiene pelo largo y cuerpo como artista
I have only 500 songs so far on my mp3 player, but I never understood the point of a playlist.  The only possible reason for me to use a playlist, I think, is if I have just recently downloaded a bunch of new songs (like 15 or something) of different artists, genres, etc, and want to listen to them for the time being.  Now me, I'm an organization freak so I've went through all 500 songs (not in one sitting, mind  you) and fixed up the ID3 tags for artists, titles, album titles, and even years and album art (you know how these not-so-legally downloaded files are).  The only thing I didn't touch is genre because you cannot stick songs to one genre at times, and genres can be a bit subjective.  Then again, if you have your genres maintained that should theortically serve as a type of playlist.  So why exactly do so many people go crazy over playlists, how do they know they their mood will want to listen to this particular set of songs in the future.  Sorry that this sounds like a rant. To recap, why do so many people like playlists so much, how do they know what they will be in the mood for a particular set of songs.  Thats basically the question
So I was trying to find other David Archuleta fans near Pittsburgh, and it seems like no one is going to the concert. I went to ticketmaster today and the lady said they haven't sold a ticket for that show since May 31. Now that is just rediculous! It would be nice to meet some fellow archie fans :)
Hello, I need a list of some songs or rappers who cuss in every sentence and rap about blowing someones brains out. Kinda like little jon. Nothing about hoes or bltches though...just violent rap. Thanks. And save any \"rap is crap\" comments, because I didn't ask for an opinion on that. I'm a white metalhead myself so I'm a rap newbie.
I'm looking for a current rock song, One lyric Is \"as beautiful as you are\" which is part of the chorus, not too familar with the words but i hear the word reason in it.
What does this part of the lyric from Black Eyed Peas - Where is the love mean?  Heres the lyric \"When you practice what you preech, but  you turn the other cheek\"  What does that mean exactly? Thanks i appreciate all the serious answers. No BS please To Glazy S :  That is perhaps the most judgemental idiodic thing i have heard. That whole song is about the world and people like you. It has a meaning and we discussed it but i forgot. I remember it makes perfect sense. It was something somewhat like practicing what you preech. And that phrase is out of the bible as well. So if you have something to pick, pick it with humans from a long time ago, Dumbshit.
ok so i like that song shake it by metro station and jason marz i'm yours and i am going on a trip and i want some great songs and great videos to make the time fly by even if it is not  a son or if its a video u like off of youtube thanks:)
 Lloyd or Chris Brown
I don't know the singer, the name, or the tune but i know part of the chorus: \"But I Absolutely Love it - when she smiles\".... it's a pretty recent song... THANK YOU SOOO MUCH!
for the past year in 2000s and any countdowns but mostly country I need that for my album collection in songbird I hope I able to find cd online that has those songs on if it's out. I don't wanna buy them it's wasting money I wanna do everything for free. I only want the nice people to answer this question
i prefer chicago. sorr, spelled wrong (Aerosmith)
song do you like the most and why?
Hey, I was wondering if any of you teens, sorry I don't mean to sound rude, but last time I put this post up all you old folks put up music that was just not my taste. So teens, do you know any ska/acoustic/alternative/reggae/\"punk/emo\"/Indie music. Please no like classical/country/jazz/broadway or any of that stuff. Sorrrrrry for all of you who do like that music, it's just not my thing.    As many songs/artists as you'd like to share please!
The beginning goes: I can't explain don't understand but everyday i think about you your the one and its for real.   The chorus goes something like this:  You make me feel like a kid in a candy store...  yadayadayada. The words might not be exactly right. but who sings it and whats it called?
wake me up when september ends\"-GreenDay or \"shadow of the day\"- LinkinPark or something???  thnx for your answers..
Ok, rapper: Hi-C, album: Skanless, Song: Whats going on.  What is the sample?? its a hard question id be suprised for a right answer thankss!!
does anyone know where the lyrics for young squad-get off my dick. is?
Its an awesome song thats catchy and kinda funny   you can hear it here: http://www.purevolume.com/joeygray  I've been looking everywhere for it!
It's an asian kid playing the guitar and there are a ton of \"falling stars\"? i guess.  its on mtv hits a lot so i guess ill eventually find it but if anyone could help me despite being so vague let me know. thanks! this song is great
you say you love me but love is a strong thing you say you love just aboutverything bout me but you dont know a thing and im assuring that what you say is all a lie and your here just to waste my time chorus but you better listen up cuase im only ganna say this one i finally have had enough im tired of hanging round all your friends forcing on  smile cause its all pretend texting you all day and all night lone just wasting time when i couls be moving on and i only have one thing on my mind and answer for my question that im sure to find you say you love me but do really know what love means  you called me up late last night told me i was the only thing on your mind its wierd how amazing you are like you fell strait from some shooting star i just wanna live my life but i guess i kist cant say goodbye but please listen up cause i think this will help both of us chorus im not sure but i think its time to finally say our goodbyes and the last hing i have to say is i finally found my answer today you can say you love me you can say you need me but im not ready cause im the one yes im the one who doesnt know what love means  honest opions please thanks fran
I need that for my album collection in songbird I don't wanna buy them it's wasting money I wanna do everything for free on the internet. I hope I like it because I only like country music I only want the nice people to answer this question
like almost identical to korn but a little diffrent dont say disturbed thx guys skrape kicks major ass
i really want to be a singer and I've had many people tell me I'm good. American Idol is coming here but I'm not old enough to try out. does anyone know anything on how to become a singer? i would love anything you know about it.  thanks also i do have a voice teacher and sing in school all the time, like in every talent show and in choir I've done many solos. i sing at places but I'm not completely sure how to get being a real singer. also i do have a voice teacher and sing in school all the time, like in every talent show and in choir I've done many solos. i sing at places but I'm not completely sure how to get being a real singer.
i need the lyrics to the Flow Bots song No handle bars like now so can you like copy and paste them to your answer
I know this is VERY vague. I think it's a techno song. and it was probably in a movie. All I can remember is \"danger danger\" and some scrambled lyrics that I only know the beat of, but not the words. I'm hoping there's some buff out there that will know, this is a LONGshot. know this is VERY vague. I think it's a techno song. and it was probably in a movie. All I can remember is \"danger danger\" and some scrambled lyrics that I only know the beat of, but not the words. I'm hoping there's some buff out there that will know, this is a LONGshot.  PLEASE NOTE: I can't google it with the word lyrics, cause there is a band called DANGER DANGER and it takes over the resulst.
Help[: please. its a pretty old song. i need the name. or a youtube link[:
i just got a new computer so all my songs are erased so i thought of all the ones i could off the top of my head...what are some newer good rap/hip-hop songs too jam to in the car?
He's the only young boy I know with dirty lyrics. I never knew of any other young rappers under 18 with dirty lyrics. & no. He's only 17.
They dropeed two classic albums IMO.....WHich album is your fave?? And who's the better mc Tame One or El da Sensai??? One of my fave tracks....Dope @ss beat... http://youtube.com/watch?v=RV2AVb3eIe8&feature=related
i used to hear it on American Top 40 in 2005 or 2006 it was kinda long and a bit classical....it was a slow song sung by a guy (i think it was a band...not sure) the only lyric i remember is Here I am such a lovely song......any of you know the name and the artist?   it's not  here i am by bryan adams  or here i am by leona lewis or any song by kelly clarkson  it's a bit slow
ok, so i'm like a HUGE!!!! rage against the machine fan, there music rocks, and mistake me if i'm wrong but i think they all have a little mexican descent in them, but i was wondering if there is a website that has there e-mail, because i'm a HUGE!!!!! fan, thank you there is nothing wrong with them potentially being mexican, i said they have mexican descent in them, and also, please list your sources, thank you
discovered i really like them. What songs do you suggest i listen to by them/what songs do you like by them? oh and by \"them\", i mean i discovered i really like Porcupine Tree, if you didn't understand what i meant
channel 30, muchmusic, there's like this commercial, that goes like \" yo what ya feeling just feeling the life\" ppl dancing and stuff just wondering is that a real song or just 4 commercial?
I can't give much information about the song but I think that either the song name or band name was called \"Aria\" or something like that. The song was very beautiful with a chorus of girls singing in such an angelic voice. I really want to listen to the song again. Please Help Thanks Sue-Ann, but it's not it, I am almost certain it was Aria but I dont think the song was in english, I'm not sure. Lovely song though :) Nope, It's not Sail Away (Orrinoco Flow) although I do absolutely love that song :P. Thanks anyway Tplizzey :)
I can't seem to copy other singer's voices! I am not a naturally talented singer and was wondering if there is some technique to it that I am missing. I wonder if it has something to do with my age. I'm 15 and am not sure if my voice is done changing... Any tips?
my time away....heyy ohh\"
Does anyone have or know where to get free sheet music for Win by Brian McKnight or Lucky by Jason Mraz? Please don't give me a list of sites that have a whole bunch of free sheet music because I've been through most of them and they don't have those songs. Thanks!
whats the difference between phosphor bronze strings and just bronze strings?
There's a video of me signing You've Got a Friend by Carol King and I was wondering if you could check it out and let me know what you think. Thanks!!!   http://youtube.com/watch?v=GNd-LYmyCgY
Ok, its in the first movie..im looking for the song right after that girl says \"kevin i wanna have sex\" in the classroom! HELP PLEASE!!!
There is this punk rock video I saw the other day with a kid who was getting ready for his first say of school -- He was a big dorky kid and when he got on the bus all the other kids stopped and stared- The bus driver was freaky looking too-0- then the music starts and the band busts through a high school and start jamming-- I LOVED this band but can't remember the name!! Please help!!
Honestly..I know this is pretty impossible but i heard this song on the radio last night & I have NO idea what it is!  its a girl and guy singing and all i really remember is she talks bout him like being a thug and him taking care of her..I guess?  if you have ANY ideas what it could be or anything similar it would be great:)  thanks!
For my singing I think I'm good. I tried out for our school's talent show, and made it, but I couldn't perform because I couldn't find a karaoke version of the song. But the teacher thought I did well. When I record into the computer with that dinky microphone, I sound bad, and with my cell phone I do. But when I just sing and listen to myself I think I'm good. I was only in choir in 6th and 7th grade which was like 3 years ago. But since, I've just been taking songs, and matching pitch and etc with my own voice, and going over and over the song until I think I sound good on it.  But the problem is, I don't know what to do with it. I want to sing in a band (preferably punk rock-ish type genre) but I can't find one and don't have any money to buy the good equipment the high school bands have so I'm stuck at home. I want to try out for American Idol or America's Got Talent, but I think my parents won't let me. I mean they've never heard me sing, but if they did, they'd like it. Also, they probably wouldn't let me because I'd miss a h*** of a lot of school for it (if I made it to the next round or beyond that). And I can't risk that because I want to get into a good college and I'm going to be taking a hard honor class next year (Honors Chemistry) and I need to pass that to make it to AP Biology and AP Chemistry. So I'm afraid to go for any of those. What should I do. Georgous, that's a good idea... I know of a place that records, I've looked in the yellow pages too, so I know there are places that record i my city... But don't I need to make a demo first to bring to them of my stuff for them to record me. Or would that be more for IF (huge if) i get signed to a label. And what about guitar, bass, drums, etc. I really want to do this. But then again... I'm a My Chemical Romance fan, yes you might hate them, but Gerard finished college and got a job cartooning before he and Mikey got together the band... So if I try this, I'd have to decide later.  But anyway, do you have any samples, I'd like to hear it.  BTW, I have like 8 songs written in a binder and working on writing the notes for the vocals for one, but I haven't gotten anywhere with it. And I think I'll take up guitar lessons when I can pay for them.
we lost a cat yesterday and he was very much a part of our family and kinda like my husbands best friend are there any country songs out there that would fit the situation
ok i dont no any words but i love the song...in the videoa guy and a girl was messing around with a viedo camera and the girl was prego and he went to rob somthing and they got cought and then the girl was in a car crash and died and in the end of the video the guy and the kid went to visit her grave? its more of a rock kinda song ...??
Your Open QuestionShow me another \u00BB  Im having trouble finding bass tabs for this song.? its a christian song. its by israel houghton. its called 'Better than life.'  i play bass at my church, and they are doing this song, and the praise and worship leader wants the exact bass line.. but i cant find the tabs for it.
Like maybe something acoustic or piano, but like recent. Like within the past couple of years.  Anybody know any really soft or sad songs?
I've honestly been a fan of Rock Music since i was about 2 years old. {lol} The very first video i remember watching was Nirvana's 'Smells Like Teen Spirit'. Some faves of mine would be Lifehouse, Metallica, Fuel, Pearl Jam, & Nirvana of course. All answers welcome =] I also like Coldplay, U2, Primus, Damone, + Static X. {Yes, I am a diverse person lol}
I need to have it by monday for my coach so0 if anyone does please let me know what is the name
this is the kind of music i like: 3 doors down,rem,acdc,linkin park,3 days grace,creed,nickel back,green day,and BNL.
does anyone know of any friends/bestfriend songs .. that are newer and upbeat? + plus , we just graduated .. and i wont see them next year .. so , if that helps .. :P  thankss .
I am a natturally tallented singer but i think i sing manily through my throught. i can copy almost any singers voice perfectly but i cant seem to find my own voice instead of sounding like the person singing the song. also, its hard for me to sing higher notes. could this be from singing through my throat?  it seems that i can sing so many types of music so many different ways that i cant find 'my' own voice. so i was just wondering if voice lessons would help with that and, you know, also help me improve. i dont really understand how to sing through your stomach and abs. do u think doing that would help me to go higher?
I am making an Itunes playlist for my mom and I was wondering if anyone had any suggestions for what songs to put. She likes country and soft rock. Also love-ish songs. Thanks!
DRAWING CONTEST
I got rude answers frm the last time I asked this, so I will ask it again.  Back to the question.  She may not be Beyonce, Mariah Carey, Whitney Houston, but she can sing. Everyone has different voices. hynroc, i have never noticed that not everyone sings perfectly.
I found this video on YouTube of a young Korean boy named Sungha Jung who is an amazing guitar player. This is a video of him playing a beautiful version Nirvana's Smells Like Teen Spirit, as arranged by Eric Roche. I have watched it about 50 times all ready. It gives me goosebumps!  Check it out and let me know what you think! ;) http://youtube.com/watch?v=Z_MrxgLz-v0&feature=related
The song is called Heart and Soul but i dont know who sings it. I know a little bit of it and it goes.... \"heart and soul,i fell in love with you.heart and soul,just like a fool would do.....\" and thats all i know.does anyone know who sings this song? thankx <3
About their new CD, can I get it at a store like Best Buy or Circuit City or something like that, or can I only buy it through their website or myspace. Because I really want it. Even though I only have two of their songs, I still love them.
they are fairly contemporary but if fogot the word in the middle, it kind of sounds like a last name they are fairly contemporary but if fogot the word in the middle, it kind of sounds like a last name, oh and they are female
http://www.iamnotcharleshamilton.com/  you can download the mixtape there i think he pretty raw...all these new dudes aint to bad...ive listened 2 this guy and asher roth now and they like got they own style
this song must be old cause i havent heard it in like ever ..  i heard at my dance studio and i cant get it out of my head .. ( i cant ask them cause the studio is closed ) the only words i can remember are ..   \" oh girl you so fine , shake, shake for me one more time \"  it's like hip hop music and fast THANKS ! \u2665
does anyone know this techno songs  sounds like  i got short breast (and something bout ribs)   PLZ TELL ME NAME  kthx
don't know much about your life, dont know much about your love, what do you say...\"
Bumaba ako sa jeepney Kung saan tayo'y dating makatabi Magkahalik ang pisngi nating dalawa Nating dalawa  Panyo mo sa aking bulsa Buong kahapon ay naroon pa rin Ang tawa nati'y humahalay Sa init nating dalawa  Subalit ngayo'y wala na (Wala na) Ikaw ay lumayo na (Lumayo na)  Naaalala ko ang mga gabing Nakahiga sa ilalim Ng kalawakan Naaalala ko ang mga gabing Magkatabi sa ulan  Kulay nang iyong ngiti At tikwas ng iyong buhok Ang lambot ng iyong labi Ng iyong labi  Kahit anino mo sa malayo Ay nais masulyapan Upang mapawi Ang lamig  Subalit ngayo'y wala na Ikaw ay lumayo na  Naaalala ko ang mga gabing Nakahiga sa ilalim Ng kalawakan Naaalala ko ang mga gabing Magkatabi sa ulan  Subalit ngayo'y wala na Ikaw ay lumayo na Lumayo na  Naaalala ko ang mga gabing Nakahiga sa ilalim Ng kalawakan Naaalala ko ang mga gabing Magkatabi sa ulan (2x)  (Naaalala) Magkatabi sa ulan... (Naaalala)
So I'm listening to the country music channel on comcast cable and this song came on that I immediately fell in love with.   It's sung by a man and it's basically about him and his wife/gf getting back to the days when things were more exciting in their lives.   I looked it up right after I heard it and went to look it up again so my dh could hear .. but alas, I have forgotten. Any ideas??
I prefer them making songs together. like Hate it or Love it
I'm tryin to remember this song and I cant.  It goes, \"lift my hands and spin around, see the light that I have found.\"   I can't really remember anything past that.
They Are At The Get-2-Steppn Competition!!!!!!
Are ye sick of seeing Jonas Bros/Camp Rock q's posted on this section? I mean its been said for a long time by users but this section needs to be divided into Pop & Rock separately cause like other Rock Metal fans I wanna answer q's bout bands im into....its nothing again JB fans cause every1 has their musical taste n they're entitled to it.....but yahoo answers hasn't been updated 4 as long as I remember which is disgraceful.  Do ye agree? Case and point, I wouldn't mind even if this were f*cking funny!  http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20080706160424AAOyCZQ&r=w&pa=FZptHWf.BGRX3OFPgDFWWDtl4rggTZELP7DKdaxF510t6.7w6w--&paid=answered#PLpzJTDWFlj82AgEF0qS
whats your favorite track can be old sckool whatever new ones too!!
What is the song with the reggae beat towards the start of the movie??
its a safot melodical song with a female singer and some of the lyrics are:  -\"everytime i feel alone i can blame it on you and i do/ you got me like a loaded gun\" -\"so im counting the tears untill i get over you\"  and i believe some of the words are in french?? haha dont really know why :]
It sounds similar to Italian opera or folkloric music, there is people on a yellow grassy field jumping up and down. I saw it on July 4, 2008.
 lol @ hood mizztress what do you have against Bish?
this song must be old cause i havent heard it in like ever ..  i heard at my dance studio and i cant get it out of my head .. ( i cant ask them cause the studio is closed ) the only words i can remember are ..   \" oh girl you so fine , shake, shake for me one more time \"  it's like hip hop music and fast THANKS  !   \u2665
How old is the band NLT
the only words i know in the song are\"i don't like the vibe in the vip oh oh oh\" help idk what it's callled it's NOT by the <3JONAS BROTHERS<3
Points to whoever is the first: Can you list the links to the Reliant K tracks  hidden on the Internet for \"The Birds and The B-Sides\"? List the links to the web pages that contain the hidden tracks for the Reliant K album, \"The Birds and The B-Sides.\"  The points go to the person with the most direct links.
I know its not a steinway. Its fairly rare. Its an euopean company probably a italian or austrian company. I think it started with a F or perhaps an S and costs range from about $500,000 to over $1,000,000 dollars.
It's on my music, obviously.
A demonized mind, a son whos mother despises him All my life ive been critized, deprived of happiness Killed off my enemies just so i could come to terms that i could agree with My sorrow's a darkness that doesnt promise tommorow Im a destined warrior defending his life and looking for a road to follow .Im a wandering ghost who doesnt have a home, writing these lyrics so the world can leave me alone My only friend, this chrome, that defend my life and kills, Takes over the role in my life that nobody will Ive been looking for a way out of this oblivious state a place where the sun does come out and the earth will rotate And when the sunshine comes out, its not just plain darkness Filled with people whos hearts have been hardened I have become my own worst enemy  Become an addict with greed And my seed will live to see better days, cuz i would not wish my life on my worst enemy I pray to god to give me repentance,pray to heaven for acceptance, I hope god gets this message (continue) Cuz i think this is gonna be the last time i can be tested yeah i have im in a band called B.H.K.O (black hearted knock out) and thats one of my tracks its called Own Worst Enemy , my stage name is The Minsaw im 15 and i really wanna pursue this career of writing lyrics i can send anyone this track who wants it
I'm writing a story about a girl who falls in love with a boy online. However, I need a song for the girl to put in her profile-it doesn't have to be a romantic song. But this girl is a bit reserved, not rude, but not very bold or daring. She's 15 years old and has 3 brothers and a father-her mother died when she was young. And it's the summertime.
A girl sings this song. My thai spelling isnt so great.
I got a client on my computer that i can use my rock band guitar on it, and i have it connected via usb but idk what color panels are what button number using \"Joy to Key\" Anybody have any idea?
Does anyone know of any cello-rock or cello-rap fusion that I can find on itunes?
Dressed to kill is a 2002 single of the band new found glory
There's this dance/song that plays at my gym all the time but it's hard to make out the lyrics.  It goes something like \". . . you're running out of time. . . whoa, whoa, all your [cannot understand what she says here]. . . yeah!\"   She repeats it a bunch of times.  I hope I gave enough info. . . Thanks!   joe
it is track number 08 at Abercrombie. I know the lyrics but i cant find the song... what is it? It goes...   Everything i need, everything i need and more Everything i need, everything i need and you I was feeling lost and lonely, waiting for the day, when the one and only would come my way a vision locked inside my heart, never knowing how to breathe i was waiting for my life to start, looking to hold my sympathy there was a time, when i believed, the kind of man that i would meet, would always stay inside my dreams, until he came to me. For the first time in my life, i have everything i need You came into my life,  and you gave your love to me.(x2) Everything i need, everything i need and more Everything i need, everything i need and you etc. please help! I need this song! thank you!
Mine is Scream Aim Fire.
not HMV that site doesn't work I don't know what cd to get for my album collection for songbird I need that I don't wanna go to every store that sells cd's in ottawa like Future Shop, Best Buy,CD Warehouse and Zellers and look at what cd they have it's wasting my time. I don't wanna buy them either it's wasting money I wanna do everything for free on the internet I only want the nice people to answer this question
Or am I the only one who thinks that Tommy Shaw is one of the best vocalists, James Young the best guitarist, and am willing to admit this?!
what are the lyric's to ali lohan's song all the way around that she sung on the most recent episode of living lohan ?
I love the song \"Fall For You\" but I want more to listen to by them. Any suggestions?
My friend is having his birthday, and he LOVES AC/DC. I'm making a CD for him of some of their songs, and I want your opinion on what songs I should put on them.  Album and Song name, please!
Does anyone know of any sweet remixes i can find on itunes? I really love the mismatched ones...i can't remember what they're called. Thanks!
Mine is Baba O Riley
Because half the questions on the Rock section are all about Jonas Brothers.... and honestly I think they belong in the sissy/plastic pop music section.  Anyone? I heard them playing like... 2 SONGs in the grocery store the other day.  Honestly... I wanted to vomit. The Disney Channel is a bunch of media-Nazis... and I think the Jonas Brothers is Operation Barbarosa (Miley was operation Sea Lion... but she failed miserably.)
i want to know the name of the song that plays in the eposide \"derek's school of dating\" when derek tells sally he likes her....anyone know??
to be honest i think his 15 mins of fame are way up.....!!>>>    \"i shoot 'em in the thigh and legs, ketch up like mayonnaise\" \"i get brain, so i'm countin my money but only when i get brain\" \"i'm not sick, i'm ill, my watch is ill, my clock is ill\"   ahhaha
i feel so ashamed but I love that I kissed a girl and I liked it song hahaha anyone else feel a little disappointed in themselves?
good stuff :O
It sounds like Nickelback but I could be wrong, It has like a rock sound. ANd i think the lyrics are like \"cuz i'm sorry to say ..........sacrifice, today\"? I'm not sure, cuz that's just what the words sound like, but i could be wrong cuz like they have nothing to do with the Olympics.  It's shown during a commercial about the 2008 summer beijing olympics and it has like a short video montage of like famous olympians.
What is your favorite song or lyric of the Bright Eyes music?  My favorite is probably, \"Into the caverns of tomorrow with just our flashlights and our love...\" from the song \"At the Bottom of Everything\"
1)Evanescence 2:P!nk 3)Linkin Park (there old stuff) 4)Disturbed 5)My Chemical Romance
I don't want people asking questions as an answer. If you want to ask a question, make you're own. I WANT ANSWERS, NOT QUESTIONS!
I feel like hitting someone everytime I hear that whack crunk, hyphy, fake a** music that every video on tv and radio is. How can we put Lupe and Common on the mainstream map.  I don't want them to be popular for there sake, they are gonna put out cd's regardless. I'm just tired of every 14 year old talkin ish on the legends and talented people in rap.
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
There was an ad campaign on ESPN a couple of years ago during either the women's NCAA basketball season or the WNBA season They played a very popular song from the 1970s in the background of one of their ads It was a disco-ish song and in the same neighborhood as Sister Sledge's 'We Are Family ' I remember thinking to myself 'I really like that song I need to download it ' But I forgot to write it down and now I've forgotten the title Female singers Upbeat I have no recollection of lyrics or melody Can someone help me figure out the title of this song and the group that sang it 
What are three indy rock songs with lyrics specifically about school 
Are there any country music songs with lyrics specifically about school 
what happened to Austin Riffs The show has been off air for weeks
Which Rolling Stone magazine from 1974 contained the advertisement forthe Ozark Music Festival held in Sedalia Missouri from July 19 to 21 1974 
there is a techno song that i heard on the radio recently that i really liked I figured that i could find it by jotting down a couple of lines from it When i got home and searched however google drew a blank The beginning of the chorus goes something like 'all the people in this place from coast to coast put your best foot forward and rock the house' What is the artist DJ and title of this song 
I heard this song about 12 years ago on an audio cassette tape Thewoman who had put the tape together said that it was Reba McIntyre Ithink but I haven't been able to confirm that The lyrics wentsomething like this - they were beautiful and told the story of alittle girl who had had a doll when she was young and was now a youngmother raising a child When I was young I had dolls some could walk some could talk Others would wet when I'd lie 'em down But you you're like no doll
There was a song on the radio about 16 years ago that was written as a daughter singing to her dad The song started with what sounded like a little girl singing then it was a teen girl singing and it ended with a woman singing It was like you listened to the little girl grow up lyrically and vocally It seems that I remember it being a slower song I would love to have the information on this song to use it for a father/daughter dance at my wedding Thanks for your help 
I'm looking for the lyrics of few songs of the British folk group ofearly seventies The Pentangle My English knowledge it's not enough totranscribe the songs I can eventually make them available on alocation to listen them The songs # 10 are listed below When I Get Home Cold Mountain I've Got a Feeling Market Song Helping Hand Reflection 1971 So Clear Reflection 1971 Pentangle Reflection Reflection 1971 Sweet Child Hear My Call Travelling Song The offering is for the 10 songs 
I'm looking for worldwhile market share in music market between the 5 or 4 majors and the indipendent companies or 'indies' The publicdata on IFPI website cover presently only digital market I'm lookingfor the whole one The data until 2004 were available and are for example available atthis url 
I need sheet music for 'God Only Knows' by the Beach Boys from 'Pet Sounds ' of course for a STRING QUARTET Unfortunately it needs to be for a string quartet specifically ie not a guitar tab I don't really know anything about music but i will try to contact the quartet in question if anyone would like clarifications on what does/doesn't qualify An internet address where I can order it is preferable but any music store that will ship it or whatever is fine Not sure about an offer to personally transcribe the sheet music since I don't really know what the going rate for such a thing would be 
Can anyone complete the titles of the following christmas songs or carols W-i-t-a S-H-l-o-a-b-o-s T-C-C S-a-a-b-f For the New Year Please please help Any suggestions would be great Thanks 
'Ode to Joy' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High' sound very very similar to me I am not a trained musician Are they historically/musically related in anyway Or is the similar melody just a product of chance 
When Bon Jovi played Milton Keynes UK in 2001 who were ALL of the support acts 
in the nelly music video 'tip drill' there are several dancers and strippers i would like to know the names of the 4 main girls that appear thruout the video there are four main girls who are shown mainly throughout the video one wearing a gold bikini and in the beginning she takes her bottom off but they blur it out and one wearing a black bikini and also an Atlanta Falcons jersey one of the main models name is Whyte Chocolate she is a usual hip hop video model she is the only one i could name but the other three i need to know what are there names and where can i find information on them on the internet 
How much rock music has been composed and recorded since its invention How much Christian music If all of it got placed in one huge playlist how long would it run Bonus points for more statistics 
What are the guitar chords to the traditional Jewish Shabbat song Shalom Aleichem 
I downloaded a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser tune'Heart and Soul' from iTunes The Artist and Albums are both listed as'Rock and Roll Classics' which is not helpful at all The copyright isheld by Crownstar Records and the cover art is an image of an LP witha red label saying ' Crown Records' The male singer is accompanied by strings horns piano a rhythmsection and backup singers and it sounds like it was from the early tomid Sixties The arrangment is reminiscent of Smokey Robinson's ' OohBaby Baby' The vocalist is a tenor and sounds a bit like Smokey orJohnny Mathis but without so much falsetto Can anybody identify it It's not the Cleftones 
Where can I buy the instrumental version of this song From the moment I catch your eyes My life would seem so bright Loneliness' gone and standing far way Hand's in hand we feel so right Love has seen the light It's new but you can't fear Love could be so real Like a breeze by the sea Love's flied with you and me Forever you will see Together we will be Close your eyes We're flying high Like the birds savvy 2 v's the sky Forever I will try To be by your side Thank you 
I found a song somebody had recorded off the radio At the end of thesong the female D J comes on and says 'Boston's real alternative 1017FNX There you go as promised brand new song from Nine Inch Nails Itis called Digital Comes of the forth coming album The Fragile Thisis Sebado not sure how to spell that and the flame It's Asleep atthe Wheel FNX' However this song is not a Nine Inch Nails song Thesong is kind of techno industrial with electroinc drums and synth andsome overlapping vocals that make it hard to tell what the lyrics are This is what I can gather = lyrics I can not make out Iwill always you I will be maybe 'relentless shame' Ifyou want to leave here the opening unintelligable words arerepeated trust me I will make you feel good openinglyrics again I will always you I will be relentlessshame again opening lyrics now there is a kind of guitarsolo opening lyrics again I will take you up out for abeautiful tour and how's if feel to be baby don't yourself now the opening lyrics repeat until theend of the song This is as specific as I can get The song is aboutfive minutes ten seconds long I emailed this radio staton but got noreply I can email the song if need be Who is this I've beensearching for over a year 
I am looking for a song written in the 80s the mid 80s I think Thegenre is pop/rock or soft rock and the artist sounds a bit like Mikeand the Mechanics I have some of the lyrics in my head and herethey are -Taking in taking in again you said I'm the only one but we can bejust friends -And if you say I don't believe it And if you I don't believe it 
Where I can find a CD mp3 or copy of a song for a 'West Sumatran Home Comming Dance '
singer or band of Ranchera song with words starting 'MamacitaMamacita' played a lot on the radio in Northern Colombia June 2006 around Santa Marta
I'm looking for a version of Dishwalla's song 'Angels or Devils' thatwas played on the TV show Smallville in the episode Ryan I've alsoheard that this version was from an event called 'live at the lounge' 
I would like a link which provides me withh the lyric of 'Beasts ofEngland' poem written by george Orwell sung to the music of the'Internationale' Regards Mongolia
There is a new video out played on MTV that has a punkish band playingand they are in a forest in the winter at the end of the video thelead singer is under water trapped under ice could you please tellme the naem of this song 
I am looking for the name of the artist song and album and where I can buy it of a particular song The song is in the electronica / 'chill out' genre slightly hip hop Most of the words are in french exceptfor the words 'long term focus' which are repeated in english quite abit The song was playing in the lobby of The Shore Club Hotel onMonday November 14th around 4 5 in the afternoon 
The name of a rock song and the group that performed it Song received a lot of air play somewhere between '93 and '95 Contained in the lyrics was the phrase 'Pay the Rent' or 'Make the Rent' The song is very 'driving' intense and several voices are on vocals 
Need help looking for a trance song Hello I downloaded a wonderful song months ago but my computer diedand I lost all my music I've gotten almost everything but I've beenlooking for this song for about a week now with no luck And it alsodoesn't help that I don't even remember the song name or who theartist is -_- The song starts off light and peaceful then slowly builds up with moremusic added into the background Making a magnificent combination ofinstruments There is a lady with a beautiful voice that says'sunrise' every 10 seconds or so and 'sunrise' is the only word shesays through the whole song this is the songs theme; du du du du dua do do do a du du du a do do do 'sunriiiiiise' and repeating so onand so forth And the song is trance dance and/or electronic Youthe genre The song is NOT longer than 7 minutes If that's even anyhelp I know this isn't very much help at all but I need as much help as Ican get Even if it's small it's at least something so that's why I'mwilling to pay so much 
I would like a list of places to go watch freestyle rap competitions freestyle performances/jams are ok too but competitions would bebetter in the northeast I live in Boston MA So the closer thebetter I would go as far as New York City I would like to get thevenue name and time of performance I already got a short list of places from this New York Times articlebelow Please exclude those on the list Thank you 
I need to know 3 things about the above german Folk song - translation of the words into english - Brief history of who wrote words/ music - Link which plays a version of the song more modern the better Thank You DPRK007
Im looking for an extremely rare mp3 by a band called the anniversary i know the title of the song as 'untitled 2' referenced here 
are all user profiles and blogs on myspace and other social sites public domain properties regardless if they are searchable on the search engines Can 3 rd party repost profiles/blogs on other sites and not violate any copyright issues Is there copyright issues on any of these profiles/blogs 
I learnt a nonsense song from my grandmother born 1890 in Midlands Does anyone know anything about it Could the lyrics be Romani Isit the same as one in Cecil Sharp's Appalachian Folk Songbook Heregoes Kormi namo kildy cado Kormi namo kormi Rim strim strom a diddle Larrabone a ringum A ringum borradiddle kormi
There are all sorts of great/innovative DJs out there today likeTiesto and Sasha But what will electronic music sound like 10 or 20years from now It's such a new sort of music relatively that it'shard to know where it's heading I did some poking around online - butI couldn't find ANY opinions about this What do you think I lookforward to reading your insights 
I am trying to find a comprehensive list of live music venues/promoters in England that currently put on rock n roll bands The aim is to have a downloadable Excel compatible file that has several columns containing venue information For example name of venue address contact name and telephone number email website etc I realise that not every venue will have a website or email address but I would still like them to be included in the results I would like the results in some kind of geographical order for instance it could be ordered by region i e Manchester in the North West I found this website which lists the largest cities in the UK 
Hi I was on vaccation in Turkey 2002 during the Soccer WorldChampoinship I'm looking for a song that was played alot in theradio as well as in restaurants during the time of my stay I got thefeeling that this song was a radio-'Hit' that summer The song wasrelatively calm and slow with a I my view nice melody played on somekind of flute I don't think there was a drum beat and if if therewere drums they were discrete The song was in Turkish I guess Thesinger was a male The main melody is both singed by the singer andplayed by the flute in the middle play The singer sings the melodyremarkeable 'stronger /more intense' later on in the song I'm alittle bit uncertain but mu guess is that the main melody theme issomething like CCDEFEDCBBCDCDCD pauses/lengths ommited My question is Which song am I thinking of 
I have had this fragmented song stuck in my head for several years nowand I want to find out the actual song name The song is at least fiveyears old and popular enough to have been played on mainstream radioonce or twice in Australia I have the opening part of the song butthat is all the link is
I am trying to buy the audio CD 'A Pizza the size of the Sun' andcannot find it offered at any store I would like to locate a copyfor purchase Author/Artist Jack Prelutsky Description A playful collection of poems in song and music performedby the authorISBN 0-8072-0421-8 1 Hour/1 Compact Disc 'Listening Library' designation c 1999 Random House Inc www randomhouse com/audio
I'm looking for sources that can tell me about new songs rumoredsongs and upcoming songs I'd like to know about songs before they hit the radios and as soon asit's released A few sources I know about include checking thefollowing sites and blogs music aol com/songs/newsongs perezhilton com These sites don't always have the latest and sometimes are even a weeklate I'd like a list of other sources I can look through to find outabout new songs/albums/singles as soon as they're announced/rumored 
I am trying to set up a charity auction on eBay benefitting 'Journeyfor the Cure Foundation' - The Journey for the Cure Foundation proudlysupports the MS Society the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St JudesChildren Hospital They specfically fund research to find cures forthese associated diseases Proudly 100% of their financing goesdirectly to find the cure and they have no paid staff or employees This auction would be for my collection of Cure albums over 50 in aLOT auction 100% of the proceeds would go to Journey for the CureFoundation through MissionFish the eBay Charitable donationsorganizers for such events My question Does anyone know how toget in touch with either Geffen Records and WHO at Geffen to contactabout this and/or Robert Smith of the Cure to obtain personalAutographs for/on my collection or donations of merchandise to add tothis auction Until I have attempted to gather more items the auctionwill not take place Any voluntary help is appreciated 
I'm trying to find out the name of this obscure early 80's pop band and album names They werefrom Ohio They were signed to Capitol records and I think they put out 1 maybe 2 albums The group consisted of 3 members 2 of whom were brothers Thank you 
I was given a copy of the album in question on tape; with no info inthe late 80's while I was pre-teen I never discovered anyinformation about the album or artist; although I do recall hearingsome of the music on European TVs series news spots etc aroundthe same period Only clues I can offer - I am 99% certain that the artist is European most likely German - The album started with a German speaking announcer introducing'Johann ' I think to a cheering crowed 'Damen und Herren Johann ' - Tones / Sounds While I don't recall any particular piece of musicfrom the tape album ; I do however distinctively recall the tones /sounds For instance the sound heard in the background on track 11 ofProdigy's Music for Jilted Generation 1 31 37 into the song andseveral others bits on this particular track are likely the samesynthesizer I require Artist and Album information Thanks Johans
During the late 70's-early 80's there was playing a great countrysong with lyrics that included ' t-r-o-u-b-l-e well I think thatold trouble's done and got the best of me ' This is not the song bythe same title by Elvis or the one by Travis Tritt 
Hello I am interested in taking Indian classical music lessons specifically on the bamboo flute also called bansuri I have searched far and wide for teachers in the Washington D C Maryland or Northern Virginia area but have not come up with anything I have found a bunch of vocal tabla drums and sitar teachers as well as other flute teachers but not Indian classical or bansuri Maybe there is a search string I haven't thought of -- if anybody can find me an actual teacher I would be much obliged I am at the point where even if I had to drive 2 hours or so away on a weekend morning I would do it so please keep that in mind if it comes down to it Thanks in advance 
Who wrote the song 'Oh what a luccky man he was '
Hello Recently the Internet stated offering these new domains called' mobi' domains which are/will be used for accessing sites using viamobile phone Well I was able to acuqire the domain'
I heard this great Christian song tonight on the radio and I haven'tbeen able to track it down It's a woman artist the song is sort ofR&B Some of the lyrics as I remember them include 'I want to know howare things between us' and 'what's new since we last spoke ' Pleaseadvise 
Are there nightclubs in the DC/Virginia/Maryland metropolitan area that play Brazilian music Or even better Angolan music 
Please name the two best available recordings of Stravinsky's 'Rite of Spring'
I was shopping at a Sephora store today and heard a great song I've heard it somewhere before but can't place it The song starts with someone whistling the melody of the hook The lyrics contain a line similar to 'would you get along with a guy like me' or possibly ' someone like me' The band ispossibly British It's a generally upbeat and happy-feeling song I'm almost certain it's a new-ish release Any idea who the band is and the song title 
I've been searching for this specific version of O Holy Night foryears All I know about it is that it was recorded off the radio inWinnipeg MB Canada during the early 90's I have a garbled recordingoff of an old cassette tape that I put online 
I have been looking for a song that I heard on vacation in Greece in the spring of 2000 I have been unable to find the song as I don't recall the title or singer The song was played almost everywhere I went I must have heard it 100 times The only information I have is this Female Greek language singer In the top ten charts in the Spring of 2000 Wasn't an electronic song rather it was more like a traditional greek pop song I would like to find out the song title Could you find a Greek chart hits for the spring of 2000 Perhaps that way I could find the song/artist on the list Thank you so much Katy W 
I'm looking for a song In the Thomas Crown Affair movie the 1999 version Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo dance to a sexy tune played by a band According to the movie's ending credits and some online references the song is called 'Cumenco ' It was performed by the 'Cumenco All-Stars ' was written by Raf S Astor and Eddie Bobe and was produced by Todd Barkan and Jim Dunbar This song is *not* on the movie's soundtrack CD and is not on iTunes In fact it seems to be impossible to find If you can find a copy of the song that I can buy online or download for $50 or less you have answered my question 
I'm looking for a karaoke/instrumental version of 'Superman's Song' by Crash Test Dummies Is there any hope I wasn't easily able tofind a downloadable version but I was thinking solutions mightinclude services that convert songs etc Thanks 
I am looking for a south african rap video featuring a well-dressed african rapping to classical piano music - It appeared a few weeks ago in a BBC program about SA music from Miriam Makeba to Kwaito I will consider the question answered with a sound bite from for example amazon
It happened again Willis Alan Ramsey played a concert earlier thismonth and I found out about it after the event I read about it onWikipedia of all places I guess if I'm looking for a specific answerit is this How do I get a hold of the new album that Willis hasfinished it was produced by Jamie Oldaker And where and when isWillis playing in the next year 
I am trying to find a recording of Carol Channing singing 'Hello Lyndon' a take off on the song 'Hello Dolly ' which she sang at the 1963 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City If anybody can find me either an Mp3 of it or a CD on which it exists or any other form in which I can purchase something and hear the original version not the re-recorded versions done by several artists since that would be awesome 
Ok guys in the move '50 first dates' there's a reggae song that plays at about 11 minutes and 30 seconds into the movie and if i can make it out correctly the singer sings something that sounds like 'it is you oh yeaaah' now what i wanna know is what's the artist's name and what the song nameis and that's about it thank you - 
The last 2 times I was in Canada I saw a music video in rotation of awhite french speaking rapper He was great and I dont speak french Hehad a almost shaved head and a square face He may have been fromFrance who is he 
Still looking for a great tearjerking song classic country song fromthe early to mid-eighties that me and my sister still remember andcan't pinpoint Lyrics I remember are ' forget me not regret me notmy darling I'll be true as long as these flowers stay true blue andif our love should ever die ' The lyrics implying that and the loverfrom the song kept replacing faded flowers in order not to have toface that his loved one would never return to him Artist and titleplease Album chart placement and songwriter would be great This isnot the song by Wariner Thanks 
Hello I have been looking and searching high and wide for an obscure JuleeCruise song called 'Until the End of the World' with no success Canyou help out here It was written as the title song to a Wim Wendersfilm of the same name but in the end the title song went to U2 andMs Cruise contributed a cover of the Elvis tune 'Summer Kisses WinterTunes' instead I am looking for the lyrics to this song Bonus tip if you can providethe guitar chords no links to sheet music please Just to reiterate it's NOT the U2 version I'm looking for Songs withlyrics about Judas and the line 'surrounding me going down on me' arenot what I'm looking for Don't get me wrong -- it's one of myall-time favorites by U2 It's just not the specific version I'mseeking Thanks 
Ok I heard a song today on a Seattle radio station between7 30-8 15pm It sounded like Coldplay a lot and had the wordsNashville and California in it I think It was a song played duringthe John Tesh show on this station and immediately after the song JohnTesh came on to talk Does anyone have ANY clue what song that was Ihave never heard it before so I assume it was new The stations I waslistening to and switching between were 101 5 103 7 96 5 and 106 9 HELP 
i need to know the title and artist of a song the tv show roswell season 2 finale 'the departure' in the scene where max and liz say good-bye the only lyrics i can make out are 'takes a lot of laughs takes a lot of smiles these days to keep your heart from breaking my oh my ' it was 2001 when the show was still on the wb network please help i have had this song playing in my head for 5 years and can not seem to track it down anywhere 
Hi I have a collection between me and my wife of over 500 CD's someof which we have ripped at different quality levels on our computers some are on external USB drives and some are on DVD's when we gotthose DVD writers We also have a few iPods and are also planning to get the new 8gb Nanoand compile what we play the most on to that one for both of us I'm not sure how do I go about doing this without losing my data orgetting too much of it onto the smaller Nano iPod's I need advice as to how to manage them with the best software outthere Cost isn't an issue if I'll lose the headache after spendingthe money We have four computers that store our music mostly under iTunes three external USB HD's and a collection of DVD's I don't know howmany are those and of course the original roughly 500 music CD's Oh yeah we also now download from allmymp3 com which is moreconvenient for the titles they carry HELP - -Mao
I'm looking for the name and/or artist of a reggae / dance song that they play often in the bahamas with lyrics as follows hold your head and hold your ears and hold your nose and hold your mouth and hold your neck and hold your shoulders and hold your chest and show me the rest shake it up shake it up It's a great song so any leads would be awesome 
I am looking for the name of a music & artist which music video was inthe top of the charts and features a bunch of good looking girlsworking out and sweating while the singer sits in his chair Themusic is very sexy The video predominant color is red 
I'd like an easy way to blend in music behind voice narrative the voice will come into the pc from a simple microphone This is for small personal projects nothing to do with professional music or mixing Please make sure you know something about this type ofsoftware before answering I'm pretty savvy and can researchdownload com as easy as the next guy I'd like to hear from the voiceof experience 
I need the artist and song title for this song Verse I wouldn't want her anyway I told her i think I might be gay and I found some guy in a sweater who says he'll make me feel better again Woo hoo Again Woo Hoo Again Chorus I'm not the way I should be I'm not your puppet on a string Sometimes unknown Someone should have told her she's only getting older every day
How many notes are there in the piano part of Rachmaninov's 2nd piano concert 1st movement How many still just for piano are there in the whole concerto 
Looking for contact information for the company that created andreleased the self described 'motivational' instumental song named BONECRUSHER The company is either Network audio or Audio Network and itsbelieved to be based or have been based in San Diego Bone Crusher was a single song within a Large CD series they put forthof instrumental background music 
Hello my 16-year-old son has recently declared that he loves jazz of all things both playing saxophone and listening to classic bop songs I have to admit I don t know anything about jazz and I didn t even know what bop was until I looked it up but I would love to get him some jazz CDs for his birthday If I were to purchase the 5 best bop CDs of all time what should I get My search for bop artists turned up John Coltrane and Miles Davis does that sound like a good way to go I m excited that my son is into this and who knows maybe I can learn to like Jazz too Thanks 
Third Eye Blind is a major label band they were on Elektra The title of their latest album Out of the Vein was originally going to be called Crystal Baller There are rumors that the album was actually released in Japan under this name for a very short time before they rereleased it under the Out of the Vein title well before the US release was actually out 1 Is this true If it is read the next questions 2 What is the catalog number of the Japanese Crystal Baller release 3 Is there a place where I can buy this release from 4 BONUS QUESTION not required for payment What does the cover art for the Japanese Crystal Baller release look like Point me to a URL Thanks Ethan
I can't identify this song 
I need a music file with no words like the kind that is used forkaraoke singing for the song byVladimir Vysotskiy 'Bolshoy karetniy' He is a Russian guitar Singer 
I really need to know if Heiva tiare is correct to say in tahitianlanguage and what is great short way to say fagrant flower thank alot 
I asked this question before but by the time I had upped the price to$20 it had already expired I'll copy and paste the question butclick the link to see how far the search had progressed and all thedead ends 
I was at a club the other night and saw an amazing concert video oftwo drummers It was two drummers both on risers playing a jam of manydiffrent rock songs There was some Aerosmith and Audioslave Ithink There was also some sort of grey or silver logo in the back The partial clip was at least 5 minutes long Does anyone know whatvideo this was 
I would like the address for 6 000 live music venues in the US Ranging from Madison Square Garden to venues that have a capaicty of 100 The venues should all have at least 4 nights of live music a week Please provide answers in an excel or tab delimited text file Additionally I would like the URLs for at least 3/4 of the venues provided 
Who holds the master rights to the songs $100 000 Pyramid Theme Song - Gimme A Break Theme Song - S W A T Theme Song - By Rhythm Heretage Halloween Theme Song Movie Matlock theme song 321 Contact Theme Song And how would i go about getting their promission to use a sample of those songs in a hip hop beat Can you find Contact information Thank you Adam
Please listen to the following 4 minute splice of a song found on a mix that I downloaded from Kazaa the entire mp3 file is called 'Classic Alternative Dance Mix' by Jimmy V yes very creative I know I googled the artist and mix name but to no avail I have most of the full lenght version of the songs featured on this 46 minute classic alternative mix but I really really love this particular 4 min song that was mixed in I've googled the lyrics but again to no avail HELP I would like to know who sings it and where I can get a copy of it or at least the name of the song and artist If you want the entire mix it's really good and 65mb in lenght let me know 
I'm looking for the complete lyrics to a song called 'The Other Side'which is sung by Maria Nayler This song is track 12 on the album'United DJs of America Vol 10 Los Angeles' and the DJ is Taylor 
I am looking for effective methods of getting my music heard I know about Soundclick/Purevolume/MySpace; but I am planning on producing and selling my own CD's from my own home What are some of the best methods of getting the 'word' out and generating interest 
I'm looking for the title and artist of a mid-to-late 80's rock/popsong I remember from my childhood At one time I had it on tape butsimply cannot locate it despite my best efforts All I can rememberare a few lyrical phrases which may not even be accurate so heregoes - You know I've got this feeling - You and me we've got a long long way to go - I'm standin' on the edge of love part of chorus I've done some extensive Googling with some matching but have reachthe conclusion that some of the words may not be exactly right Hereare the songs I've eliminated so far McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Phil Collins - Long Long Way To Go Hanne Boel - Standing on the Edge of Love BB King - Standing On The Edge Tinsley Ellis - Standing On The Edge Of Love
What is the name of the classical song playing in the background of the web site for H&M - Spain 
A while back there was a song for an adidas ad sung by Karen O yeah yeah yeahs Lyrics were along the lines of Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world I made up Off The lights are golden Off The lights were golden Off Whenever I wake up Try and take the shape of Turn into the whole wide world i made up Anyone know where I can get it 
What is the name of the opera that is often played at football games A specific example is when the New England Patriots revealed there Super Bowl banner in Week 1 of the 2004 season the Colts were the visiting team this opera was playing in the background 
Ask com is currently running a television ad that features no spoken script The ad begins 'Why is Ask com the fastest-growing search engine ' in white text against a red background and the ad continues with snippets of newspaper reviews etc There is an electronic/techno background soundtrack What song is playing and is it available for purchase to consumers 
I am looking for a song from the series Nash Bridges The song was played in episode #19 'Leo's Big Score' It was the song played at the very end of the episode when Nash says goodbye to Leo Robert Ri'chard at the bus station Episode Leo's Big Score TV Series 'Nash Bridges' 1996 Original Air Date 8 November 1996 Season 2 Episode 9 
I'd like to order the soundtrack to the ps2 game 'Dark Cloud 2' Please find out where I can do this 
English phonetic pronunciation of Norwegian Christmas Carol 'Jeg er Saa Glad' Our Sunday School is doing a 'Christmas Around the World' program and I want my class to sing 'Jeg er saa glad hver Julekveld' in English and Norwegian I need phonetic English pronunciations of the Norwegian lyrics for at least v 1 & 2 One source of the English and Norwegian lyrics is 
What's the name of the song playing in the house in Fast and the Furious 1 when Paul Walker and Vin Diesel come back home from the first street race The song has no words it's been stuck in my head for years and I can't find it 
I remember a song that had a police theme i'm pretty sure it sampledVoodoo child by hendrix one part of the lyrics 'put your hands upagainst the wall and spread them' if anyone knows the track i'd bereally happy to get some details it was in the uk charts but I'm abit hazy on when but i think it was sometime in the last 10 years notvery helpful i know 
I'm looking for the name and agency profile link for the model fromthe UK version of the following music video Daniel Bedingfield - 'Gotta Get Thru This' Link to the video 
I am looking for the music in the TV teaser trailers to several ofPeter jackson's Lord of the rings movies shown in the UK It is alsofeatured in connection with the film 'Requiem for a dream' It is notthe track entitled 'Gothic power' which is the music accompanying toLOTR cinema trailers I consider it a great service if someone canfind it It would make the best ring tone on my phone ever onlyjoking Additional clue it sounds like violin or bass 
What would be the best solution to capture the sound of a high schoolmarching band on the field at a live performance The band is largeand spread out all over the football field The primary attribute one would need to consider is that the sound isvery dispersed but it all comes from less than 180 degrees in frontof where the microphone would be located I'm looking for an ideal microphone type best suited for that job Also where would be an ideal location to place the mics High low middle far from the band close to the band Also would I need more than 2 Thanks 
What's the name and artist of the dance remix of a theme from the Overture to Rocky 2 not the 'famous' Rocky theme I heard on a radio station in Athens this June and what CD album is it featured on
Back in 2000 my brother introduced me to a band called 'Lokomotiv'here in the USA by e-mailing me an MP3 of theirs I've done someresearch and found that they were supposed to come out with the album'What's Your Good Luck ' in 2000 but I'm not sure if that everactually happened I have their Advance CD from Mammouth Records which I found on eBay after years of searching but I'd like to knowif it was ever officially released and if not why Also after more research I found out that the band is originally from Norway under the name 'Locomotives' and have been making CD's there since around the mid-1990's I really like their music and would like to get their albums but I don't know where to buy them how many they came out with etc All I know is what I've found at 
What is the difference between whistling and warbling 
There was a website at least a few years ago that featured lessons on songwriting and composing from top songwriters and producers including but not limited to Rodney Jerkins and Max Martin What was the name of this site Is it possible to get some of the content from the site Thanks in advance 
