 I need it to be free and easy to get. please help me! 
I was watching the spanish channel and I saw a great song.  The guy looks very similar to Mark Anthony but its not him.  It sounds like a love song.  He is sing the song to a girl and there are scenes with him holding her and there are also seens of her in her underwear on the pool table and he's over her.  The song ends by him walking away from a cemetery.  SOme of the lyrics are (and they might be off and mispelled):  \"suerte loco\" \" di me que sido\"Also, its a solo song.  Not regaeeton or regaee.  Another detail....there are moments in the music video that the male singer is in a straight jacket. 
Hey there!I bought a guitar three years back (lol) but stilldon't know how to play it. I'm (passionate about it) wonderin' if you could help me (learn how to play) by sending LINKS/ or referring me to stuff that has helped you learn it. -Its an acoustic/basic guitar.-I am a beginneer and even don't know about basic chords/string names!!Hope you can help 
him/her and whats there nameme Kanye- KID W 
If all the Jacksons [ all 5 ] reunite,Do you think the will break the record of thriller .... ? 
ok im trying 2 remember the name of a song...dont have much 2 go on... i only rem parts of the video....ok wot i rem is...the video is set in a newyork street ..and they have marching bands... parading in the street... like some (mardi gras) thing... and ppl r wearing i love the irish hats on... and theres 2 guys in a fight and the cops r there..... this is all i rem of the video...i know its not much help but any help much  ....appreciated thanx... 
keep it in the alternative/pop-punk range please!name some songs about just breaking away or freeing yourself [from anything]it's for a movie i'm makingthanks!kelly clarkson is a pop singer. i'm looking for songs from pop-punk/ alternative bandskind of like \"you're not alone\" by saosin 
okayit kinda sounds like medina lake [male vocals]and i think it says this in the beginning [sorry, im not totally sure on the wording] ::\"If i lost it all in a fire ball, would you be there for me? If the money's gone, and the future falls when you walk away. Cuz my confidence is vanishing will you leave me starved and here. To with a doubt and disappear as you walk away.\"and then the song gets all screamo so idk what its sayingplease help me!thanxx=] 

not trying to make a real  video. 
what website... No limewire & shit like that. 
Is there any new music hot of the music industry? that came out in the last 2 weeks? Rap, hip hop, pop? 
OohOoh, oohOoh, oohFrom the minute that you got my attentionI was taken and I have to mentionI was trying to not let it showBut I knew I wasn't gonna let you goFrom the way that you came right to meLooking all hot with the style that threw meNo one would've ever known itYou would be the one who take this heart and hold itYou got that extraordinary wayGot to be next to ya every single dayYou do something that I just can't explainWanna take the chance and tell you you're the one for meOoh, I love you soJust look in my eyes, they'll tell you where this could goYeahDo you know itOoh, I love you soLook in these eyes, they'll tell you where this could goI just want you to knowYou can san say anything you want toNo stress 'cause I understand youWe got a vibe you can't defineWant everyone know that boy is mineWe won't fight and stop and stare at the way you hold meYou take me there at timesI feel I lose controlForget everyone but the hand I'm holdingplz tell!full name plz 
I was just wondering because I want to learn the piano part but don't know what to search for. 
the only thing i can remember is a part in the video where she is on tv and she is on a mtv show call dismissed, so the song is actually like 5 years old, the music is kinda soft and very popthe girl looks kinda like mandy moore with dark hair and like vanessa carlton and michelle branchthe video starts with her waking up and  her room is flooding 
sweeney todd Greenfinch and linnet bird. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVMWo8vb3yEtell you my answer after.I love Sweeney todd!!! thanks xx. 

I really am in love Lili Haydn's \"Goodbye Stranger\" Where can I download it? 

Just give me like a couple lines, or a title or something.It can be about anything. 
why when i go to his tour dates  has the show in auburn but not th one in spokane the next day. also do you know when tickets for spokane go on presale on his website? 
i think its rich girl, but its NOT Gwen Stefani and a male sings it from the 60's or 70's i think? 
I have been using a cheap guitar amp but I think I blew it.I have read that keyboard amps are good for the job.Doesn't to be super loud, it just needs to fill a medium sized room.Not for gigs or anything just for jammin out with me and a couple friends nothing big at all.It would be great if it was under $200 
jay z or nas 

My boyfriend invite me to his prom, yay! Well I'm homeschooled and I'm soooo not used to that kinda stuff, well I dunno whats going to be going on? I don't know how to slow dance, and I dunno what other dances are gonna be going on?! I'm soo confused about all this, I don't want to go and it be lame cause I don't dance, because he spent over $800 for me and him to go and have fun. Grr! Help?! 
The new Eucerin commercial with the beat that is really nice. I know this is really limited but i have no idea which one it is and i've been wanting to know for a long time. 
It's kinda weird how some people find these guys a joke in my opinion....sure....it's not the music some are used to listening too....and they act kinda goofy... but I guess there's a bit of me that misses this type of rock. Different stroke, different folks I guess. What's your opinion?http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V1eA5V9gKu4http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-4VOLeKBOw&feature=related 
What is the difference between these three types of music. Thanks 
CHORUS (gta go from kidulthood to adulthood...)And I move like pirate, raves, mixtape albumDone with the clashing I\u2019ve seen the outcomeNuff badman I won\u2019t been around demNuff MC\u2019s in the scene that could out themBut I lowe themCoz it\u2019s not about themThe roads are nuts like almondsI\u2019m a musician and I use my position To influence thousandsLook, I said I\u2019m not on a hype cuzI\u2019m far from a kidult now, I\u2019m much wiserBlud I\u2019m older I\u2019m grown upSo now I gotta act like a grown upI used to be wild I was acting raggoOn the defensive acting paroBut now I\u2019m on the straight and narrowCuzzy I\u2019ve gone from a ???? CHORUS (gta go from kidulthood to adulthood...)NOT ALL OF THE WORDS WILL BE QUITE CORRECTSOME LINES/WORDS ARE MISSING enjoy! x 
my friend is visiting during the end of august-beggining of september, does anyone know what concerts will be going on in texas at that time? i want to see a rock concert...:Dit doesnt matter where in texas, i live in central texas, so i can go wherever 
we need hip hop songs for the Fall season in the stands 


so basically me and my girlfriend, we've been dating for 5 years, since highschool :) we dont know what song to dance to at our wedding I'm 19 she's 18 we're young we dont want the cliche song so I thought of these two songsso contagious by acceptancehttp://youtube.com/watch?v=DTl2CegZoD8or sweet peahttp://youtube.com/watch?v=50Qo62s8QNganyone have anymore suggestions? please let me know! :/ 
Honestly, guys. 

For the past few years the only band i ever listen too is tool. I mean i love tool but i want something new to listen too. But i can never find anything that meassures up to them. I love how their music has meaning everything else i hear on the radio just blowws.. Can anybody mention a band who is great. I love music with lyrics that have meaning where the music is amazing.. PLease Somebody help me find a band to prove that music is not dead!!! 
does anyone know of any rock or metal bands in italian 
Song by Bobby Bare called The Day My Rainbow FellGuess I forgot to mention I am looking for a copy of this song. Sorry 
*Unloads gun*I love you.This one might be a bit harder 
My brother and I are going to a wedding and there is karaoke.We want to do a duet together. We want a country song. 
At least I think it's classicI think it's like dramatic music or something I've heard it alot of timesanyways, for those of you with either a piano or guitar it goes like this:Guitar:e--3--2--3--0~-----3--2--3--0~-----3--2--3--2~-----3--2--3--2~or something like thaton piano, it's:G F# G E     G F# G E    G F# G F#    G F# G F#it's played on string ensemble but I'm not surePLEASE help me I've been looking for this for quite a while now.10 points for first best answerIt's not the jaws theme, I'm pretty sure it is classical, at least it sounds like itI'm pretty sure it's not by BeethovenIf I find a video with the song (I did before but I lost it) I will make a new question 
i need someone who can help/teach me music theory...i love playing piano and guitar but i need someone to teach me that too!! can anyone help!?!?i know it takes time! duh!!! but what i need is help with it...sometimes it gets so confusing 
i'm looking for some good songs about a city or town.like 'this is our town' by - we the kings is awesome .sad and sweet .im looking for something similar .links, artist and names would help ALOT. :)thaanks.10 points.thanks .butt, anymore? 
Yeah..what you read..I love singing..just how i LOVE the Jonas Brothers..lolNo..seriously..a lot of people have told me i have a great voice and i play the guitar too..I have sang in a few places.My voice is a Leona Lewis mixed with a Fergie.Kind of not a thin voice..but yeahh..I want to get into the singing business..i love to act too ..but more singing..i have heard it's like IMPOSSIBLE and stuff like that ..so i dont want to do all this for nothing.So my question is ..how do I get discovered???I have seen SO MANY people of YouTube posting and posting and they have amazing talents and a thousands and millions of views but..nothing..!! They are not getting nowhere..so i dont know..please help..thanks!I'M ONLY 13..CAN'T TRY OUT FOR AMERICAN IDOL.. 
I see a lot of you guys puttin out your own remixes off of the web site, www.jamglue.com. Where do you guys go to get the vocals from the artists? I have no problem finding instrumentals, but need help finding vocals. Any help?Also for a RHH question... Who is your favorite artist in the Wu-Tang Clan?Thanks guys 

like the names of songs @ least, thankx. 
The Big Bang by Busta Ryhmes ft 50 Cent and Dr. Dreit was left off Busta Ryhmes album and  I can't find it anywhere 
...I don't take no lip and this cannon on my hip,   let me tell you boy,it ain't no toy...... 
so me and my dad were taking me to camp this mourning and we have XM radio and we were listening to the Mix cm station from like 8:45 to 9:00 am and we listened to tis song but we both forgot the name of it if someone knows what im talking about please let me know i promise if i find the song i will be sooo happy it means so much please please 

alright yall this is my CARTER 3 question...lets talk about the production on this album, because despite all the Wayne hate .. you cant deny that there is some crazy productions on this album....whats your favorite BEAT on this entire album.. and rate the tracks, on a scale of 1-5 , PRODUCTION WISE!!!track listing:3 PeatMr. CarterA MilliGot MoneyComfortableDr. CarterPhone HomeTie My HandsMrs. OfficerLet The Beat BuildShoot ME DownLollipopLalaPlaying With FireYou Aint Got NothinDontGetITLollipop RemixProstitute 2 
i forgot the band name, but it was a music video that was shown at Macy's, and it was a female singer with a black bob with orange underneath. i think there were two other people in the band , two guys, and i think the band name starts with \"the\"if you can help me, thanks!...and its not paramore or flyleaf. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQvStll8oVoits a little fuzzy in the very beginning, but it becomes very clear..the only lyrics i remember are\"she seemed so confident back thenfrench kissing boys into men\"and its by stephen kellogg and the sixers 
i want this song THIS IS WAT DREAMS ARE MADE OF from the lizzzie mcguire movie...whr to download it frm? 

http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AkvIQpFKZWi67K1LWezIfEnty6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20080609133542AA6GLZ4Q: The Black Album vs The Blueprint? 
What does the song 'Hallelujah\" by Leonard Cohen, Jeff Buckley, Kate Voegele...mean?  Is there a hidden meaning or is it really as depressing as it seems.  It's such a beautiful song I thought it was a love story, then I read the lyrics:) 

i know its not Tuesdays gone,  this song is newer and i wish i had more lyrics but its all i can think of its slower and acoustic and those are the only lyrics i know 
hey everybody, im just wondering if anybody knows when manafest is coming to white rock...and who else he will be doing the concert with..thanks to anyone who answers this questions :) 
I don't know the name or artist of a song I heard on kmel this morning. It has a rnb beat but its a rapper and in the background and chorus its a female's voice with that sped up/chipmunk kinda voice. I know it isnt plies or chris brown or mario or tpain. the male's voice is kind of deep. anyone got a clue or idea? 
dont know who sings it think its quite recent thanks 
It's a song from the 70's and it's not New Addition.It goes like this...\"if it's love don't go away,if it's love i want you to stay. We will have a place of our own,being love by you gives me great sensation you are my sweet inspiration\" 
im gettin sick of the come close album since i have listened to the songs plenty of times.. when are saosin goin to write new songs and when will they be available to download off limewire? 
I was listening to My ipod the other day and A song with the Lyrics \"I've bled [love] enough to fill this empty Castle with Ghosts\" I really stumbled upon it, it was a song I don't listen to often, and Now I really want to hear it again, and can't find it. It had to be  a song by one of the artists given up there (could it possibly be Elton John??).It's been driving me crazy for a few days,what is that song!?!!Thanks for your time!-Emma 
^ i want to know if theres a website that tells you songs that arent out yet or no one knows about yet. thanks so much to any answer!i just want a site that tells you songs that arent out on the radio yet. i know one exists because my friend knows about it. she just wont tell me. and how is limewire going to help me. limewire is to download songs you know about. im looking for a website. anyone that answers and wants to be serious and not be an a** hole is much appreciated. THANK YOU 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41R1jN26b4I&feature=relatedkate nash's songs might not be \"as good\" as some people would say (i would totally disagree) but they're genuine and you know they're real. x 
This is a long shot, but I need a song for a karate demo and I can't for the life of me figure out what it is.  It starts out just fast pased drums and cymbals. My husband thinks it is from a martial arts movie. I have checked some soundtracks but I can't find it.  Any ideas or suggestions. I know this is a shot in the dark since I can't really give more info that this. We are already using some mortal combat music but need something to use during board breaking.Thanks! 
can anyone tell about R.I.P (N-Dubz )?thanks 


i really need some new good music to listen to...my favourite bands are...hot chip...of montreal...and placebo...so any like that will be good...thanks 
I accidentally deleted my last question so here it is again:What is your favorite song by the jimi hendrix experience? 
I'm in the mood for music but am getting sick of hearing the same songs so often on the radio. So yeah, can someone link to me good hip hop music from that time frame. Thanks. If I like the song I'll Best Answer you. 
nirvana-frances farmer will have her revenge on seattlepuddle of mudd-phcsyoevanescence-good enough and call me when ur soberall time low-coffee shop soundtrackseether-untitled track in africanthanx if u found them 
What do you think the meanings of these All Time Low songs are? You don't have to answer all of them.1) Remembering Sunday2) Circles3) Holly (Would You Turn Me On?)4) Dear MariaDon't give me a link! Give me what YOU think the song means. 
I Like Busta Rhyme's- We Made itLil Wayne's- LolipopMIA's- Paper Planethat kinda stuff with a good beat and catchy lyricsAll the answers so far are awesome i wish i could give you all 100 points each !! thanks keep answering! 
I'm looking for a song. I don't know if these lyrics are right, or what part of the song they are from, but they go something like this.Now let me shout,Shout to the moon, Sorry, that's all I know. It goes on, and I could hum more of it but I don't know the lyrics. It's kinda an upbeat song, one that you would dance to. If you could give me the name and artist that would be great. Thanks, bye! 
I dont need limewire, datpiff & ect....i need a site that could download the whole mixtape songs.i  dont need limewire, datpiff & ect....i need a  site that could download the whole mixtape songs for free,. 
i think Gorillaz makes awesome music,  i find ICP to be ok though most people i know can't stand those guys. what do you say? 
Lyrics:Oh I don't believe itthat i could be so decievingbringing you down to see this lack of loyaltyWhat is that song...those are the beginning lyrics of it... 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7OTLkafwomg 

Can you help cheer me up today im really depressed ;(RHH Question: Favorite DMX Track?Well to make a long story short  ITs BF problems basically he ripped my heart out of my chest and ran it over with a mack truck  so im really sad today . 2yrs down the drain ;(Thanks everyone you all are Great and made me laugh ;) 
the jack johnson concert tomorrow?i am =]i'm sooo excited. 
whats your opinion on these videos done by a guy my friend knows.http://youtube.com/watch?v=I5PZmKhZURchttp://youtube.com/watch?v=S8eWjOZp7P8 
My choice:Richie Haven ~ Freedomhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-d5x-CiTUsBackground: I just had a question deleted because I had the nerve to want to play.... charades, rather than ask a serious and important question like this one... :-P 
http://youtube.com/watch?v=dw_jAQFbmhkplease, anyone? 
Does anyone know where I can find romanized lyrics for songs by Humming Urban Stereo? I'd like to sing along to it but I can't find the lyrics. I'm looking for the song Hawaiian Couple but other lyrics would be nice too. 
anybody got a zshare link to this???? there's like a billion versions and i think this is the best one... gracias!!!! i'll leave your ten points on the nightstand ;-) 
I need some new trippy music in my library. stuff like Little Fluffy Clouds, by the Orb, and Elements of Life By DJ Tiesto 
I love these types of music. Do you know any other good bands? 
there are like three passwords. if you can share them with me i will really appreciate it. the show is at the HOME DEPOT CENTER Carson, CA. 
she won't take me because of the bands i want to see. The devil wears prada, norma jean, and mostly the screamo bands that are playing there. she won't take me because she doesn't like bands that scream.i've tried the whole \"they're a christian band\" thing. (because my sisters pretty strict about that kind of thing.so what are some things to tell her about warped tour to convince her to take me?i need her to go with me because i can't go alone, and she's the only one who could take me. 
It's by Motion City Soundtrack.Ryan Ross and Brenon Urie sing it in this video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2fmYdwaWHrQI can only really make out:\"your body will be broken again, again.\"and\"I could crush you with my voice, stand on my roof and try to see you\" 
good answer, but It went bad before Tim did that song and then did a song called \"back when\" that says this:I'm readin' Street Slang For DummiesCause they put pop in my countryI want more for my moneyThe way it was back thencountry was great up to the 90's I would say, I dont know what happened, some people say that \"Urban Cowboy\" messed it all up.I would say that it went bad with \"boot scootin boogie\" or maybe billy ray cyrusthat was in 1992, he was the vanilla ice of country music now hes hosting nashville star I believe, that song was horrble back then, but now it just sounds like any other song on the radio todaywell, im in texas and have plenty of real country music to listen to, but I just hate to see the mainstream country music go down in flames, i mean dierks bently just released a greatest hits album, wtf, in 20 years what will be classic country, trace adkins badonkadonk? 
I lurrrvveee this song but can't find it anywhere. If anyone has it could you please tell me where you got it from or send it to me somehow?Thanks guys :)x 

Its track 4 on this myspace page www.myspace.com/leonardnw 
really this band doesnt impress me at allthey have one good song in my opinion and thats about itand sadly i cant find a videoso ill post this one insteadhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aII38iYR8Wknot that bad but still...im not too impressed 
maybe it's just me.What was the last song you listened to? 
Do ya'll know any songs that we used to listen to like when we were between 7 and 9???Like..Backstreet boysPlayand stuff like that 
Does anyone know about any famous artists who are Miami natives? 
Jackson Browne got my attention with \"Before the Deluge\" with its insight about reading egocentric meaning into natural disasters (they \"Believed that they were meant to live.\")Then the Eagles really nailed it with their rant about our need to commercialize anyplace that has natural beauty, and to commit cultural genocide against any society that is different, in \"The Last Resort\" (\"Call some place paradise, kiss it goodbye\")Anybody got another song to nominate?  Extra credit for lyric samples. 
like this morning, it skiped numerous times during a song (each song) 
Heyy, my videos can be found here;http://www.youtube.com/user/SecretxMeI'd like it if you would comment and rate my new ones and tell me how to improve.Thanks so much! :) 
I was watching and my computer crashed. If you did could you upload it and send me the link. 
i do kickboxing and i was wondering what the best face pace rock songs to train would be? 
I am wanting to improve my guitar playing ability and looking for someone with about the same skill set. I would consider myself intermediate. My location is nor cali. 
Give 3 people on this page a rap name.Question: Which Rappers have the best Album Cover?had to delete the first the grammer was all effed upfirst one* 
Don't Think I Don't Think About it - is the title 
...the last song of the video...please!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9TQdB8CprVM&feature=relatedthanksno...the last song...please....it's very important! kiss from Italy ;) 
well i want to find songs that i can listen to on the internet but i wont have to pay just to listen. and i really dont want to download. 

..i love this song but i can barely understand it cus i don't speak french so i can only make out part of it..can anybody translate it in English, or know where i can get the translation?.. 
i was really dissapointed with this album.the lyrics are amazing but the beats are nothing special.birdman isn't on it. just jay-z and T.I i think on the lolipop remix.was anybody else dissapointed with this album?i thought it was alright, people only say it's great because it's 'weezy f baby' but it wasn't that great... 

Ok so I bought a guitar a couple months ago but idk any songs really. I kno Collide by Howie Day and thats it. Wat are some good songs for begginers to learn? Here are the chords I kno....GAE minorECC add 9A minorDNo sissy songs plzI'd prefer some older songsBeatles, Beach Boys, Rolling Stones, The Clash....ect.Thankx! ~peace and love! 
I'm looking for any music that, while retaining classic and somewhat atypical Arabic musical themes, tends toward the harder musical genres (Industrial, Electronica, Metal, etc.), maybe even mixes traditional and modern instruments. Has anyone come across this? I'm sure it must exist... 
it is an upbeat song and in the middle of it, she says , 'now check it'. I know its not much to go bu but I cant think of any more lyrics to it.I will ask my husband more of the lyrics 

This song is a song i wrote a few months ago, but then i got stuck on the words. I couldn't figure out what i should use next with the way this song's rhythem is going........ here's what i have so far.\"Holding Me In Your Arms\"As i listen to the rain trickle down the drain i want to cry out.... I miss you! How can we meet again? How long has it been since the last time I kissed you!(oh bayaybe)-chorus-When i look into your eyes it is no surprise! i'm at a loss for words! i wanna find the words! to tell you, how much you mean to me!and When! i close my eyes i wanna open them to find you here! still holding me in your arms.....-end chorus-........ and then i got stuck...................... can you help me? please, i would appreaciate it if my song wasn't copy writed (or whatever) and please don't make up the rest of the song for me.i just need a few lines to give me a boost. ;)thanks a bunch guys. :) 
ive been thinking about it for a while now... i want some other opinions..plz..=Dheres a link 2 the lyricshttp://www.plyrics.com/lyrics/mychemicalromance/disenchanted.htmland a link to hear it and watch the lyrics but w/e lolhttp://youtube.com/watch?v=ofgYeimK3SU&feature=relatedthnx PLZPLZPLZ RESPOND!! 
does anyone no any easy variations of b minor i cant get my fingers over enough thanks x 

come down on your own, and leave your body alone, some body must change, you are the reason i 've been waiting for so long, somebody was the key. 

it goes.imagine all the boys ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah..and the girls eeh eeh eeh eeh eeh eeeh eeh ehh eeh,and the drums. the drums. the drums. the drums. 

it goes.imagine all the boys ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah..and the girls eeh eeh eeh eeh eeh eeeh eeh ehh eeh,and the drums. the drums. the drums. the drums. 

it goes.imagine all the boys ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah..and the girls eeh eeh eeh eeh eeh eeeh eeh ehh eeh,and the drums. the drums. the drums. the drums. 

it goes.imagine all the boys ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah..and the girls eeh eeh eeh eeh eeh eeeh eeh ehh eeh,and the drums. the drums. the drums. the drums. 

My mom always gets on me about this. she tells me to quit living in the past, and blastin old sh*t all the time. We were in the car and i was playin Illmatic, and she told me to take it out! then she proceeds to put in Ciara!?!and she said i need to get rid of my TLC CD's!!!!!!!!!! if she ever tried to take my TLC music, I would have to clock her one!how about you? got any stories similar to mine? 
I need a sad and powerful piece of music.Is Agnus Dei from Mozart a good one? 
well our bands main lyricist our rythm guitar and our drummers brother died a couple months ago in a atv accident. he said hed been working on a song that was gunna get our name out it was his best stuff yet. riding home that night he died.a couple days after i went over to his parents house and payed my respects. while i was there i found his lyric book i opened it to the last page that was wrote on and this is what it saidsoft -\"the guitars soundin rightour rythm and bass've got one hellofa bitethen the drums kicked in and volume met a new heightrock 'n' rolls back tonightloud- rock 'n' rolls back tonight!\"i want to finish this song but just cant bring myself to write it.im a terrible writer anyway.if anybody out there could use that part there as the chorus to a song and leave it as is (even if it does sound corny) i want it in there for him hed want that. Thanks to everybody, you dont know how much this means to us.if you wanna write something you can e-mail it to me when your donethanks again you guys have no clue what this means to us.and we cant write it cuz he was to close to all of us we want this to be somethign the everyday rock 'n' roll fan can understand and it not sound like a ballad or a missing you song 
ok so im looking for a summer song but im not quite sure which one so any one have any suggestions?[i like alot of alternitive,pop,rock,and r&b music] 
i love music, im more into rock and hardcore deathmetal though so if you could reccomend somin like mcr or hawthorne heights or maybe bleeding through so somin like those types of bands Thanx (you should all know what deathmetal is cuz someone asked me what screamo was...wow) 
how many of you now reckon they are regretting that britney song on their first albumhahahaoh how i loved them *swoon* 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMEz4z_eUa4hey can somebody PLEASEE tell me wut that first song is and who sings it. i reallli need it..thankk you 
Derek and the Dominoes played at Fillmore in early '70's.  I am trying to figure out what amp Eric Clapton used. 
From mixtapes to albums let me know cause they spit some tyte shit 
someone sayd it had to do with drugs or domrthing like that beacause they say: \"lossing the feeling of feling unique, do u know what i mean? back to the place where we used to say man it feels goo to feel this way\"... what does that mean? what are they tlking about? 
follow the link http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Ao3y6yIPb_7Szg7JWrukXtDsy6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20080612094838AACa9mjfor RHH what are some albums you plan on fetting in the next mont or so. 
give me as many as you cann. :]10 pts. best answer. 
It goes like: this aint what you want you need to get back in yo body boy {thats all i know} 
what song can i start off with, thats sortof easy so i can learn to use both my hands concurrently when playing?thanks 

Do you ever mistaken the blender as Corpsegrinder, the lead singer for Cannibal Corpse when you're making yourself a protein shake?Hmm, must be just me then.MQ: When did you first have a liking for music? Which kind? 
Do you all think rappers should have a cut-off date.. I'm saying how old is too old to be rapping?You know your stuff Rent-A- CopWhat good YAYA... Whats poppin, how's NYC?VA! okay, okay thats a good look, I have family out there.. have a good time..Whaddup mechanical. 
Does it annoy anyone else when it seems like music these days are just a trend and people just listen to a particular song to act cool?  Also it what\u2019s annoying is that people  limit themselves to just one type of music and act as if it\u2019s illegal to listen to any other genre and they get embarrassed if they listen to another song that\u2019s not of their specific genre...Seriously music should not be about what\u2019s cool or not it should be about what you like...what do you guys think?Oh yeah one more thing that is also annoying is that I noticed these days you get these annoying whiny little 13 year old girls that say they love a band and it\u2019s their favourite band and they\u2019re the bands  biggest fan just because they have a crush on one of the band members that is such a annoying!!! >.<No offence to the people who aren\u2019t like that, but you know what I mean... 

i heard a acoustic version at a bar and it had additional lyrics towards the end and i really want to find this version cause it was really good 
I'm not thinking about hip hop, as the musical genre.more as... a culture, or a lifestyle...how have hip hop influenced you, and what does it mean to you? 
(1) Go to spike.com(2) Mcdonalds Dance Extreme Challenge! (3) Or Riversharks - 2nd video(4) Did you ever hear of this song? 
where can i get the cheapest coldplays new album from please 
They came on FUSE Tv alot in 2002 or 2003 the Video was a guy running aroun and he went into this bar and everyone in the bar  would copy his everymove. 
its a recent song and its not touch my body.it features some man rapping at the beginning lol.does anyone know what its called or if there are any recent songs out by her?argh i cant remember how it goes. 
Taylor Swift i like two of her songs, teardrops one and our songTeardropsOnMyGuitar http://youtube.com/watch?v=YYvAS0sZ-PoTeardropsOnMyGuitar better one: http://youtube.com/watch?v=1xp3tJg6TFcour Song:http://youtube.com/watch?v=Iwa0GujgOl8remmeber i m only turning 15 in august, and i have never had voice lessons but i play the piano 
some of the lyrics to it are:I've got your picture in my front left pocket baby right inside my wallet babemy recollections of the sections in my mind where you know where to find us simply doesn't existthis is how it feels to be head over heels you got me upside babe you got me turned around 
yea so since some of these bands rarely get asked about on hereimma go ahead and ask everyones opinion on themill post a video of one song ONE! if you wanna listen to more look yourself, you have internet so do it. dont tell me to post more linksso anyways what is your opinion on alesana?http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zYYo1S2hRMEi think they are ok.not the best band in their genre. but not terrible 
I and some of my friends think about starting a band.I play the drums, two of my friends play the guitar & another plays the keyboard.We tried to play freestyle together one day, and we created a lot of great ideas. However, we didn't seem to be able to organize these ideas into one smooth flowing song.We had good chemistry between each other while we improvised, but when we started composing a song, it looked like we got lost in our own ideas.Note that we can play anything from soft classical rock to hardcore metal, as well as jazz & blues.One guitarist is good at metal, the other is good at rock music, and the keyboardist is good at everything but prefers jazz & blues or alternative rock.The guitarists are good at playing jazz & blues, but are better in metal and rock.What genre should we play??& what can we do to coordinate our efforts efficiently??PLZ HELP! 
what is your favorite band and your favorite song by that band? 
Another London underground band for today.. (quite big in the underground circuit though..)http://www.myspace.com/therestartsThis is some agressive street punk but with good melody.. the vocalist has a very rough ratty voice... Their lyrics are quite good too..Outsider and Big Rock Candy Mountain are good songs.Comments ... ? 
1) Do the words praise God or Jesus specifically?2) Do the words call the heavens to serve God or Jesus?3) Are the words tied into scripture?There's a song that's inside of my soulIt's the one that I've tried to write over and over againI'm awake in the infinite coldBut You sing to me over and over and over againSo I lay my head back downAnd I lift my handsand pray to be only YoursI pray to be only YoursI know now you're my only hopeSing to me the song of the starsOf Your galaxy dancing and laughingand laughing againWhen it feels like my dreams are so farSing to me of the plans that You have for me over againSo I lay my head back downAnd I lift my hands and prayTo be only yoursI pray to be only yoursI know now you're my only hopeI give You my destinyI'm giving You all of meI want Your symphonySinging in all that I amAt the top of my lungs I'm giving it backThis song is not mine, but Mandy Moore sings it. It's called, \"Only Hope\" written by Switchfoot.I'm singing this in church two weeks from now, and I want to know if these lyrics fit within those categories. Nice answers, please :]Okay, I know it's from A Walk To Remember.But this song was written by a Christian group. It is about God as well.This is why I am asking this question. :] 
what is some of her new songs? 
I think of you when the morning comes and the night time goes away don't you ever think everything won't be ok....whats this feeling taking over me? baby thats love theres no stopping it...your my bonnie and i'm your clyde?It has akon in it. I love this song. Its amazing ! please help ! ASAP 
im trying to work out the tab for this song, and i have the video of him playing it but i cant get one chord. so all you guitar nerds like me please help. heres the video, and the one i cant get is at 0:45 and the other one is in the chorus, att..0:53please help!! 
Make up a cool rap that states that you are the best and nobody can stop you or something along the lines of that. The coolest rap i find will get the points so make it good! 
i need to add songs to my ipod!!!!! 

no like spider man like some one so save lives like for a tribute 
ok i asked a question yesterday i think about were to get songs downloads for free so i can burn them. so i go to the web site pick the free plan then i find all he saongs i want yea. but i couldnt find were to click after that so i could burn the cd!!!i really need a lot of help the party that the songs are needed for is august 15 or 22 i will give the ten points to the person whos answer actually workThank Yoohand fyi uh its on the internet its not on my doucuments i might also need help getting the songs on my doucuments to :) 
I'm under 18 and enjoy music a lot. I know that there are gigs for people my age around but I'm not quite sure how to find them. Any ideas?Thanks 

switching up styles, always doing something new, eccentric shall we say 

In the beggning it shows a bunch of girls aroung 1 guy.one of the girl gets a phone call from her husband.Her asks her where she is at and she says she is with some frinds. I ddono't remeber any lyrics except sola mente quero estar con tego.sorry i can't spell in spanish.Please Helpa boy sings it it is not te quro or ven comigo 
and;How many do I have to killto B somebody ? 
we want it to be pretty and really touching. but not too high. 
I'd really like to know what, in your opinion, separates \"shyte\" from \"GODLY\". 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMEz4z_eUa4can someone plzzzz tell me wut that first song is? i need it really bad and its pretty kick assthanks everybody 

sites can be useful as well 
My boyfriend and I have been dating for 2 months but the moment we saw each we knew it was \"Love at first sight\" Once I turn legal age since I'm still 17 and my bf just turned 18. We want to get married once day. So does anyone know any good Country and/or Rock Love songsThese are the ones I can think of:Whenever you Come around: Vince GillI don't want to miss a thing- AerosmithThose are all I can really come up with so if you can give me any sggestions I'd really like that 
i heard this song the other day, and it sounds exactly like the gorrilaz i dont remember anything in it but she was busting all over me she was busting all over me she was busting all over me like she was in lovethats all i remember about the songwhats the name?????????????????????? 
It is a reggea song and in the chorus the guy says \" i dont want to play no games \" and the word games is held out for awhileplease and thank you =) 
the lyrics go something similar to this:\"summer rain, running down your face again,****riding on your bicycle,leave all these feelings behind.leave all these feelings behind.\"can you help?heard it in the supermarket.its annoying, ive tried google as well.it seems impossible unless you've heard it. 
I want to know, everbody wants to know (2 times)who made the sun, who made the moon, who made the stars.... 


its says something like\"i should've been with you...but after last night we're through...\"& theres something about \"girlfriend\" in there but idk where it comes in.oh and it was that tv show on vh1 Maxim's Hot 100 
The other one I heard is a duet with a guy and a girl and it sounds like a older slow song. anyone ever heard it. If so who sings it??? 
i like pretty much anything but when i go to look for music my brain freezes, i like good songs i can sing and dance to! but not a lot of cussing cause i have kids..... thanks for your help!!! 
i like pretty much anything but when i go to look for music my brain freezes, i like good songs i can sing and dance to! but not a lot of cussing cause i have kids..... thanks for your help!!! 
i like pretty much anything but when i go to look for music my brain freezes, i like good songs i can sing and dance to! but not a lot of cussing cause i have kids..... thanks for your help!!! 
i like pretty much anything but when i go to look for music my brain freezes, i like good songs i can sing and dance to! but not a lot of cussing cause i have kids..... thanks for your help!!! 




i have two tickets for radiohead and i need to sell these very fast. there for glasgow green on the 27th? i will sell them for face value which is 45pound each but preferably i need 50 each. dou you know how i could do this?my email is probe_munky@hotmail.com 
i have two tickets for radiohead and i need to sell these very fast. there for glasgow green on the 27th? i will sell them for face value which is 45pound each but preferably i need 50 each. dou you know how i could do this?my email is probe_munky@hotmail.com 
i have two tickets for radiohead and i need to sell these very fast. there for glasgow green on the 27th? i will sell them for face value which is 45pound each but preferably i need 50 each. dou you know how i could do this?my email is probe_munky@hotmail.com 
i have two tickets for radiohead and i need to sell these very fast. there for glasgow green on the 27th? i will sell them for face value which is 45pound each but preferably i need 50 each. dou you know how i could do this?my email is probe_munky@hotmail.com 
I'm looking for some kind of music maker so i can make medelys out of songs i already have. Is there any softwhere where i can paste part of a song over another song without it cutting out the other song so its like 2 songs playing...? I'd rather it be free or if not a possible free trial. Thankiess!! 
I'm looking for some kind of music maker so i can make medelys out of songs i already have. Is there any softwhere where i can paste part of a song over another song without it cutting out the other song so its like 2 songs playing...? I'd rather it be free or if not a possible free trial. Thankiess!! 
I'm looking for some kind of music maker so i can make medelys out of songs i already have. Is there any softwhere where i can paste part of a song over another song without it cutting out the other song so its like 2 songs playing...? I'd rather it be free or if not a possible free trial. Thankiess!! 
I'm looking for some kind of music maker so i can make medelys out of songs i already have. Is there any softwhere where i can paste part of a song over another song without it cutting out the other song so its like 2 songs playing...? I'd rather it be free or if not a possible free trial. Thankiess!! 
This song is a song i wrote a few months ago, but then i got stuck on the words. I couldn't figure out what i should use next with the way this song's rhythem is going........ here's what i have so far.\"Holding Me In Your Arms\"As i listen to the rain trickle down the drain i want to cry out.... I miss you! How can we meet again? How long has it been since the  last time I kissed you!(oh bayaybe)-chorus-When i look into your eyes it is no surprise! i'm at a loss for words! i wanna find the words! to tell you, how much you mean to me!and When! i close my eyes i wanna open them to find you here! still holding me in your arms.....-end chorus-........ and then i got stuck...................... can you help me? please, i would appreaciate it if my song wasn't copy writed (or whatever) and please don't make up the rest of the song for me.i just need a few lines to give me a boost. ;)thanks a bunch guys. :) 
This song is a song i wrote a few months ago, but then i got stuck on the words. I couldn't figure out what i should use next with the way this song's rhythem is going........ here's what i have so far.\"Holding Me In Your Arms\"As i listen to the rain trickle down the drain i want to cry out.... I miss you! How can we meet again? How long has it been since the  last time I kissed you!(oh bayaybe)-chorus-When i look into your eyes it is no surprise! i'm at a loss for words! i wanna find the words! to tell you, how much you mean to me!and When! i close my eyes i wanna open them to find you here! still holding me in your arms.....-end chorus-........ and then i got stuck...................... can you help me? please, i would appreaciate it if my song wasn't copy writed (or whatever) and please don't make up the rest of the song for me.i just need a few lines to give me a boost. ;)thanks a bunch guys. :) 
This song is a song i wrote a few months ago, but then i got stuck on the words. I couldn't figure out what i should use next with the way this song's rhythem is going........ here's what i have so far.\"Holding Me In Your Arms\"As i listen to the rain trickle down the drain i want to cry out.... I miss you! How can we meet again? How long has it been since the  last time I kissed you!(oh bayaybe)-chorus-When i look into your eyes it is no surprise! i'm at a loss for words! i wanna find the words! to tell you, how much you mean to me!and When! i close my eyes i wanna open them to find you here! still holding me in your arms.....-end chorus-........ and then i got stuck...................... can you help me? please, i would appreaciate it if my song wasn't copy writed (or whatever) and please don't make up the rest of the song for me.i just need a few lines to give me a boost. ;)thanks a bunch guys. :) 
This song is a song i wrote a few months ago, but then i got stuck on the words. I couldn't figure out what i should use next with the way this song's rhythem is going........ here's what i have so far.\"Holding Me In Your Arms\"As i listen to the rain trickle down the drain i want to cry out.... I miss you! How can we meet again? How long has it been since the  last time I kissed you!(oh bayaybe)-chorus-When i look into your eyes it is no surprise! i'm at a loss for words! i wanna find the words! to tell you, how much you mean to me!and When! i close my eyes i wanna open them to find you here! still holding me in your arms.....-end chorus-........ and then i got stuck...................... can you help me? please, i would appreaciate it if my song wasn't copy writed (or whatever) and please don't make up the rest of the song for me.i just need a few lines to give me a boost. ;)thanks a bunch guys. :) 








ok theres this song i lisend to a long time ago and in the music video  above peoples heads it has how long they have to live and at the end he saves a girls life does anybody kno the name and ardist plzz help??????? 
ok theres this song i lisend to a long time ago and in the music video  above peoples heads it has how long they have to live and at the end he saves a girls life does anybody kno the name and ardist plzz help??????? 
ok theres this song i lisend to a long time ago and in the music video  above peoples heads it has how long they have to live and at the end he saves a girls life does anybody kno the name and ardist plzz help??????? 
ok theres this song i lisend to a long time ago and in the music video  above peoples heads it has how long they have to live and at the end he saves a girls life does anybody kno the name and ardist plzz help??????? 
i like pretty much anything but when i go to look for music my brain freezes, i like good songs i can sing and dance to! but not a lot of cussing cause i have kids..... thanks for your help!!! 
i like pretty much anything but when i go to look for music my brain freezes, i like good songs i can sing and dance to! but not a lot of cussing cause i have kids..... thanks for your help!!! 
i like pretty much anything but when i go to look for music my brain freezes, i like good songs i can sing and dance to! but not a lot of cussing cause i have kids..... thanks for your help!!! 
i like pretty much anything but when i go to look for music my brain freezes, i like good songs i can sing and dance to! but not a lot of cussing cause i have kids..... thanks for your help!!! 




i have two tickets for radiohead and i need to sell these very fast. there for glasgow green on the 27th? i will sell them for face value which is 45pound each but preferably i need 50 each. dou you know how i could do this?my email is probe_munky@hotmail.com 
i have two tickets for radiohead and i need to sell these very fast. there for glasgow green on the 27th? i will sell them for face value which is 45pound each but preferably i need 50 each. dou you know how i could do this?my email is probe_munky@hotmail.com 
i have two tickets for radiohead and i need to sell these very fast. there for glasgow green on the 27th? i will sell them for face value which is 45pound each but preferably i need 50 each. dou you know how i could do this?my email is probe_munky@hotmail.com 
i have two tickets for radiohead and i need to sell these very fast. there for glasgow green on the 27th? i will sell them for face value which is 45pound each but preferably i need 50 each. dou you know how i could do this?my email is probe_munky@hotmail.com 
I'm looking for some kind of music maker so i can make medelys out of songs i already have. Is there any softwhere where i can paste part of a song over another song without it cutting out the other song so its like 2 songs playing...? I'd rather it be free or if not a possible free trial. Thankiess!! 
I'm looking for some kind of music maker so i can make medelys out of songs i already have. Is there any softwhere where i can paste part of a song over another song without it cutting out the other song so its like 2 songs playing...? I'd rather it be free or if not a possible free trial. Thankiess!! 
I'm looking for some kind of music maker so i can make medelys out of songs i already have. Is there any softwhere where i can paste part of a song over another song without it cutting out the other song so its like 2 songs playing...? I'd rather it be free or if not a possible free trial. Thankiess!! 
I'm looking for some kind of music maker so i can make medelys out of songs i already have. Is there any softwhere where i can paste part of a song over another song without it cutting out the other song so its like 2 songs playing...? I'd rather it be free or if not a possible free trial. Thankiess!! 
This song is a song i wrote a few months ago, but then i got stuck on the words. I couldn't figure out what i should use next with the way this song's rhythem is going........ here's what i have so far.\"Holding Me In Your Arms\"As i listen to the rain trickle down the drain i want to cry out.... I miss you! How can we meet again? How long has it been since the  last time I kissed you!(oh bayaybe)-chorus-When i look into your eyes it is no surprise! i'm at a loss for words! i wanna find the words! to tell you, how much you mean to me!and When! i close my eyes i wanna open them to find you here! still holding me in your arms.....-end chorus-........ and then i got stuck...................... can you help me? please, i would appreaciate it if my song wasn't copy writed (or whatever) and please don't make up the rest of the song for me.i just need a few lines to give me a boost. ;)thanks a bunch guys. :) 
This song is a song i wrote a few months ago, but then i got stuck on the words. I couldn't figure out what i should use next with the way this song's rhythem is going........ here's what i have so far.\"Holding Me In Your Arms\"As i listen to the rain trickle down the drain i want to cry out.... I miss you! How can we meet again? How long has it been since the  last time I kissed you!(oh bayaybe)-chorus-When i look into your eyes it is no surprise! i'm at a loss for words! i wanna find the words! to tell you, how much you mean to me!and When! i close my eyes i wanna open them to find you here! still holding me in your arms.....-end chorus-........ and then i got stuck...................... can you help me? please, i would appreaciate it if my song wasn't copy writed (or whatever) and please don't make up the rest of the song for me.i just need a few lines to give me a boost. ;)thanks a bunch guys. :) 
This song is a song i wrote a few months ago, but then i got stuck on the words. I couldn't figure out what i should use next with the way this song's rhythem is going........ here's what i have so far.\"Holding Me In Your Arms\"As i listen to the rain trickle down the drain i want to cry out.... I miss you! How can we meet again? How long has it been since the  last time I kissed you!(oh bayaybe)-chorus-When i look into your eyes it is no surprise! i'm at a loss for words! i wanna find the words! to tell you, how much you mean to me!and When! i close my eyes i wanna open them to find you here! still holding me in your arms.....-end chorus-........ and then i got stuck...................... can you help me? please, i would appreaciate it if my song wasn't copy writed (or whatever) and please don't make up the rest of the song for me.i just need a few lines to give me a boost. ;)thanks a bunch guys. :) 
This song is a song i wrote a few months ago, but then i got stuck on the words. I couldn't figure out what i should use next with the way this song's rhythem is going........ here's what i have so far.\"Holding Me In Your Arms\"As i listen to the rain trickle down the drain i want to cry out.... I miss you! How can we meet again? How long has it been since the  last time I kissed you!(oh bayaybe)-chorus-When i look into your eyes it is no surprise! i'm at a loss for words! i wanna find the words! to tell you, how much you mean to me!and When! i close my eyes i wanna open them to find you here! still holding me in your arms.....-end chorus-........ and then i got stuck...................... can you help me? please, i would appreaciate it if my song wasn't copy writed (or whatever) and please don't make up the rest of the song for me.i just need a few lines to give me a boost. ;)thanks a bunch guys. :) 








ok theres this song i lisend to a long time ago and in the music video  above peoples heads it has how long they have to live and at the end he saves a girls life does anybody kno the name and ardist plzz help??????? 
ok theres this song i lisend to a long time ago and in the music video  above peoples heads it has how long they have to live and at the end he saves a girls life does anybody kno the name and ardist plzz help??????? 
ok theres this song i lisend to a long time ago and in the music video  above peoples heads it has how long they have to live and at the end he saves a girls life does anybody kno the name and ardist plzz help??????? 
ok theres this song i lisend to a long time ago and in the music video  above peoples heads it has how long they have to live and at the end he saves a girls life does anybody kno the name and ardist plzz help??????? 
All we remember is it says something about tickle me elmo and the song that never ends and some other random stuff......And something about about a boy.....Anyone know what song it is?? 
I luv dem!!!!!!!!!! 
everyone i know hates their music but i love all their songs. i dont understand why someone wouldnt like themso let me know how u feel about Hinder 
Here's how you play:I say a word, words, or a phrase that relates to the band name, and you guess what band it is. First correct guess is best answer. Simple huh?Here is the first one:*Bang bang bang!* What a pretty flower! 
what are your favourites, or even just songs u know in these genres???1. blue grass2. folk3. country4. surf rock5. protest6. glam rock7. hardcore8. punk9. emo10. grunge11. blues12. metal13. 'rock n rollany opinions are appreciated...u know really any of ur favourite songs are good!thanks!xoox 
does anyone know where I can get his private email address for free 

m d bigzt enrique fan! 
It goes like, \"Isolation is not good for me..\" and \"I wonder how I wonder why..\" I don't know any other lines but it's been stuck in my head for two days and I'm dying to know which song this is. Help? 

From The Lost Tapes      *nas best album behind illmatic* Doo RagsMy WayU Gotta Love ItNothing Lasts ForeverNo Idea's OriginalBlaze a 50Everybody's CrazyPurpleDrunk by MyselfBlack ZombiePoppa Was a PlayaFetus (Belly Button Window) 
When you go to www.ledzeppelin.com, there is a song by Led Zeppelin that is automatically playing. Does anyone know the name of this song and possibly the album it was on? 
Hi all,I'm just beginning to play the violin, but I'm running into some problems with my fingernails on my left hand.As is well known, shortened fingernails are the way to go. But for some reason no matter how much I clip them, the nails on my hand are still not short enough! I think I even clipped them a little too much because too much of the finger below the nail is exposed.Even with all the whites of the nails clipped off, the padding on my fingertips do not extend past my fingernail enough. I have provided some images to make what I'm trying to describe more clear.http://img136.imageshack.us/img136/2493/fingerry1.jpgDoes anyone know what I need to do to make the padding of my fingertips extend past my shortened fingernails?P.S. This problem also plagued me during my piano studies, as no matter how much I clipped my nails you could hear them click click clicking on the piano.Just to clarify, even clipped all the way when I tap on a hard surface my fingers mostly vertically I can still hear the nails. Seems the padding of my fingertips is not big enough  or something.But that's only when I'm tapping perfectly vertically... If I tap about 30 degrees to the side then my nails don't contact the surface. Is this okay? I had always thought playing the violin requires fingers to be pressing on the strings almost vertically. 

Its got a pretty chill, cool beat and it almost sounds like The Game rappin.  I hear it on the radio all the time. 
don't answer if you hate them!! i only ask for the fans!!!I WUV them!!! 
In the beggning it shows a bunch of girls aroung 1 guy.one of the girl gets a phone call from her husband.Her asks her where she is at and she says she is with some frinds. I ddono't remeber any lyrics except sola mente quero estar con tego.sorry i can't spell in spanish.Please Help!!! 
I'm trying to get alot of music. Is there a person who has like alot of music i have 4700 which is alot but i know for a fact people have tens of thousands. if anyone knows of a way i can get some. i'd appreciate it 
I just need some new songs to download onto my ipod.i really like acoustic, pop-punk, and alternative music.bands like we the kings, all time low, jacks mannequin, the moldy peaches, five times august, etc.but any suggestions are completely welcome!thanks =]oh geeze, love all those bands.saw bad religion, rancid, pennywise, and flogging molly at warped over the past few years i've gone.all were amazing. 

Hala yal nas - shloonkum? Inshallah entow b5air?Fee e'3nia...sema3tha gabel ma3a refijti. Elmohim, ena its a duet between a man and a woman, and I think its about betrayal. I remember the girl telling the guy \"inta *shay* ebta3ed 3ni\" somewhere in the song.It sounded like he wanted to take her back because he was still in love with her, bas ihya moob ra'6iya...bas madri? youmkin ana '3al6ana?It's a slow tune, and its really mournful. A7ed y3rf esm el u'3niya?I'm searching for an arabic song.Hala yal nas - shloonkum? Inshallah entow b5air?Fee e'3nia...sema3tha gabel ma3a refijti. Elmohim, ena its a duet between a man and a woman, and I think its about betrayal. I remember the girl telling the guy \"inta *shay* ebta3ed 3ni\" somewhere in the song.It sounded like he wanted to take her back because he was still in love with her, bas ihya moob ra'6iya...bas madri? youmkin ana '3al6ana?It's a slow tune, and its really mournful. A7ed y3rf esm el u'3niya?I'm searching for an arabic song. 

I'll do it on limewire :)I just need to know what to search :P 
Has anyone heard of a song with lyrics like \"love you, love you, really, really love you...want you, want you, really, really want you\"?  I heard it on the radio and I thought it is by Gwen Stefani or Avril Lavigne, but I'm not really sure.  Thank you. 
Mine is michael nyman - \"The heart asks the pleasure first\" 
watch this vid on victoria secrect and the second song and all its saying \"it's time\" what the name and who sings it?http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XYeKjC5VhLs 
Mine is michael nyman - \"The heart asks the pleasure first\" 
watch this vid on victoria secrect and the second song and all its saying \"it's time\" what the name and who sings it?http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XYeKjC5VhLs 
Mine is michael nyman - \"The heart asks the pleasure first\" 
watch this vid on victoria secrect and the second song and all its saying \"it's time\" what the name and who sings it?http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XYeKjC5VhLs 
Mine is michael nyman - \"The heart asks the pleasure first\" 
watch this vid on victoria secrect and the second song and all its saying \"it's time\" what the name and who sings it?http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XYeKjC5VhLs 
With the passing of lead singer Brad Delp last year, can the 70's rock band BOSTON (\"More Than a Feeling\") continue with two new lead singers ? Or should Tom Scholz call it quits ?The new 2008 BOSTON tour has just started but is not as profitable as previous tours & there are many empty seats.http://launch.groups.yahoo.com/group/CoolTheEngines/*** SERIOUS ANSWERS ONLY ! *** 
I can't see how that's possible form the lyrics, can you? 
Know these lyrics? And i take one step forward, when you take three steps back. It's not right for you to treat me like that, and i called you about an hour ago, and you didnt call me back. So i left you a comment on myspace but your internets fucked up. 
i absolutely bugs me when people confuse their music with PEPPER's music. dont get me wrong i like pepper...but c'mon people its sublime!...tell me what you guys think.... 
DBSK- Somebody to Love?Please and thank yoooouuu. 
all i know is the chorus\"tell me lies\" which is rtepeated a few times. 
...what do you think he'd say/do 
i want to know the song that flava dance to on the first audition.anyone know. 
It really confuses me as to what is the steel guitar riff for Poison Oak 
I'm making a slide show and I used \"Daddy\" by: Beyonce' last year and I want to use a different song. p.s.  Not \"stuntin like my daddy\" by: lil waynelol 

I'm looking for one particular song by Billy Bunter so if anyone knows any tracks please let me know. 
I've been trying to figure this out for a while now. I'm using a Line 6 Spider III. I usually put it on the Insane setting, drop bass completely, drive to about 7 o' clock, treble at about 1 o' clock, and mid at 12. Anyone know how to do it better? 

You cried the day I diedDoes anyone know what song these lyrics are from or who sang them! 
does anyone knows the title of this song? 
i want a really good summer songits about summerand its techno...im lookin for it for my myspaceso tell me the band or dj that sings itthanxxx 
ok so, u know the song see you again by miley cyrus. Well i heard a song that has the same tune but it has diffrent lyrics and is sung by a boy. the only part i remember is \"when my mom catches us making out\" thats it. PLEASE help!!thanks xoxoxoxo 
i want a really good summer songits about summerand its techno...im lookin for it for my myspaceso tell me the band or dj that sings itthanxxx 
ok so, u know the song see you again by miley cyrus. Well i heard a song that has the same tune but it has diffrent lyrics and is sung by a boy. the only part i remember is \"when my mom catches us making out\" thats it. PLEASE help!!thanks xoxoxoxo 
i want a really good summer songits about summerand its techno...im lookin for it for my myspaceso tell me the band or dj that sings itthanxxx 
ok so, u know the song see you again by miley cyrus. Well i heard a song that has the same tune but it has diffrent lyrics and is sung by a boy. the only part i remember is \"when my mom catches us making out\" thats it. PLEASE help!!thanks xoxoxoxo 
i want a really good summer songits about summerand its techno...im lookin for it for my myspaceso tell me the band or dj that sings itthanxxx 
ok so, u know the song see you again by miley cyrus. Well i heard a song that has the same tune but it has diffrent lyrics and is sung by a boy. the only part i remember is \"when my mom catches us making out\" thats it. PLEASE help!!thanks xoxoxoxo 
What is the name of the song during the sex scene? It sounds something like \"look out baby gotta lotta love\" thank you! 
Theres a brittish band called the screening, and they're awesome!!! I'm going to a concert on Saturday because my sister knows them, and to be honest, I'd quite like to be able to sing along! Lol! So, could anybody give me some lyrics for the screening? 10 green bottles?Diem?God save the queen?Modern day guide to Mediocity?Always waiting?Any other songs you can think of!! Thanks.Just so you know, I have been on google and no-where seems to have their lyrics! :( 
From what I can remember the song in question is from an obscure 90's SKA band ( take this with a grain of salt I'm working from memory here)  the only lyric I can recall is the following \"Oh Baby. I get so lonely. I get so lonely. That I needed you by my side...\"  I believe there was a music video for the song too it took place in a car wash or something. 
Where can I get/download  (Evanescence - Jealous) from for free?I searched A LOT and can't find anything!! :(I'm 17 and I don't have a credit card yet to buy it online and I need the song for my girlfriend :-S plzzz help!!! 

I'm one of those people that like to find the \"perfect\" song for everything.  Specifically for our family webpage.  My husband is deploying VERY soon.  Temporarily leaving behind me (his wife) and his 3 young children as well as countless friends and family members that will miss him terribly.  Anyone know of a great song for this time in our lives?  My mom, jokingly, suggested \"Leaving On a Jet Plane\".  lolHe will be missed in every aspect of the word.  I'll miss him as a husband, as a father to our children, as a friend, as a lover..... 
Need Websites 

Need Websites 

Need Websites 

Need Websites 

My Fender Starcaster distortion pedal (yeah, I know it's cheap; $50 at Target) is acting up. I usually use the wall adapter for it instead of a 9v battery because it makes a tighter, more concentrated distortion tone. But, as of this morning, the stupid adapter isn't working. I tried with another adapter, hoping it was just the adapter that was messed up, but it stilll didn't work. I like the pedal, even though it's dirt cheap, and I'm not willing to buy another one (I'm saving up for a $900 Ibanez right now). Any suggestions on how to get it working again? Please???? 
http://youtube.com/watch?v=HFcobHNr8roSong is DJ Satomi - Waves.I like it; who are other artists of the same genre? I have no idea where to start!Paddy - I like that Solex one.. don't particularly like any DJ Sammy stuff.I know it's sorta elctronica/dance, but I'm looking if there's any more specific 'label'..I mean, there's a helluva lotta dance I DON'T like! 
The video is me playing a song on my m-audio keyboard, let me know what you think.  thankshttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SYS0BpEACcY 
when she is kissing i say say la vee when we are french kissing i say let it be ; its kinda tencho ...hellppp! 
can anyone make me a piano chords list for disappear by the gabe dixon band? im still sortof a beginner so if you could make it like    C             Am\"theres no time for a warning\"you know with the chords about it. 
That's what I'm talkin bout!!! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5DTtig3aRHAI cannot wait to buy Charlie Checkm's new album!  Who here is with me??whateva!! ya just mad cause you cant handle da truth!  CC is the ish! 
His voice kind of reminds me of Jason Mraz and I was just wondering who it really is... 

The song is...Second Chance by Shinedown!!!!!! Plz help me out!!.:\u2022:.Jess!ca.:\u2022:. 
plz write the address 
Hello! There's this song, and I don't know why, but I think it's called \"Let it Run\". I don't know the artist's name, but I do know it's a woman that sings it. It starts off a little exotic, like a woman chanting, and it repeats near the end. The chorus goes something like \"let it ruuun\" or something like that. The singer has a sweet voice. I've searched it everywhere online but can't find it. It's not by Electric Light Orchestra. It's not new, but its not old either. I'm hoping you can help me!  Thank you, 
http://youtube.com/watch?v=6P0a8ngoqCIopinions?first its fabolous, then its santana the great, THEN weezyjuelz said, \"obey me like peasants\"LOLlol, sorry I've been under a rock lately 
It is sung by a guy and and I think it goes Everytime I close my eyes, she's the one......can't remember the rest help! 

It goes something like this...Tu tu ru (clap, clap, clap) and it was pretty repetitive. :)It's driving me nuts!No, it's not the Chicken Dance. It's a popular 80s instrumental song. It's very electronic. 
I Need A Songwriter/Composer,A Manager, A Producer. Where Can I Get These/For Long time Album Production...? 
I know, I know, it's a weird thing to ask for, but it's been driving me nuts. If you must know why, it because I like to go on roleplaying forums, and I wanted a \"theme song\" for one of my plant-manipulating characters. The problem is that the character has a kind of peppy personality, but all songs that I think are very plant-related, such as John Denver's Garden Song (very good song) are too slow and mellow. So I'm asking you guys out there if you can name a song or two that would fit those specifications. Thanks! 
i really like the song baby dont go by fabulus but i really want to know more songs like it.. i guess i just like its beeet yeah so please help 
Please tell me what's the names of the songs starting at 00:15 and 5:32 (for cat walk)!http://tw.youtube.com/watch?v=PvyDFpTQrNwThank you in advance ^___^ 
I am looking for some new bands to get into similar to In flames, atreyu, all that remains. I am not to keen on children of bodom or cradle of filth but I do like most Scandinavian metal. Any suggestions? 
What's your song of the day from the year 1987?this means it had to come out in the year 1987.Here's mine:I'm Bad-LL Cool Jhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZpM4G20Ltpkit's okay if you don't have audio. i just liked the LL video, that's why i posted it. 
You got to use song lyrics to decribe how you feel.\"I feel good\" -James Brown- 
this is not a trick question btw.. 

some say ten inch playa for t.i.p but what about T.I.? anybody know? 
its like a remix from the cardigans lovefool.. but this verson is more r&b pop... help! 
Like Pink Floyd, The Doors, Jefferson Airplane, etc 
I posted this last night, but I think it's worthy of a repost for the daytime people.Here's a little information on her:http://www.dezeinhaus.com/bling47/front/artistsview.php?id=4Here are some songs/videos:http://youtube.com/watch?v=4ixL3-AdOsUhttp://www.imeem.com/invincilana/music/RRW2FrXi/invincible_shapeshifters_produced_by_waajeed/http://www.imeem.com/invincilana/music/l6VgzqMN/invincible_no_easy_answers_produced_by_14kt_of_labtechs/http://www.imeem.com/invincilana/music/T-9QuY9r/invincible_keep_goin_ft_wordsworth_indeed_produced_by/http://youtube.com/watch?v=qiHYWYcBF7E&feature=relatedHere's a link for general/purchasing information on her album \"Shapeshifters\" which comes out next Tuesday (I downloaded it and it's definitely worth buying):http://www.accesshiphop.com/store/?itemid=15768Thoughts? Opinions?Yes, I've heard of them Ya Ya. They're good. Lil Sci is the best rapper with a name starting with \"Lil\" 
Cold PlayDeath Cab...... 
shhh.. don't want to hear another lie ,no need for your explaination why, as u sit there with that one tear in your eye,once again tring to be mr sly. not waisting anymore tears i'm through not giving u anther thought, i;m not cause deleting u out of my world i'm no longer your girl,setting us free from all this mesery oviously your not happy with me fooling around it;s the talk of the town this is the last time boy your letting me down,cause deleting u out of my mind leaving our memmories of us behind,you'll never find your way back to heart, you r right back from the very start cold and lonley in that dark place with that frown upon that face,now i can't look at you u r such a descrace, deleting u we are done hope it was worth loseing me over a little fun you r now deleted you no longer exist see ya you won't even be missed the song is called deleting u 
On a dark desert highway, cool wind in my hairWarm smell of colitas, rising up through the air thanks 

it starts of sounding like enur calabria, but changes to a more fast paced song and cannot understand accent of singer but cheerful fast song. i love it. really want to know what its called. chorus may include words \"dip\" & \"come on\" but just so unsurePLEASE HELP ME!! verses are slower and you can clearly hear girl, chorus music intensifies background music introduced and faster lyricshelp help helpthanks =) 
It was from around 1997/1998Funky House/Speed Garage kind of soundBlack American VocalistContained the Lyrics :\"She was a archangel of love, She was Music, Music\"It was basically that line repeated over and over.Not much to go on sorry, 10 pionts if anyone knows, Youtube links greatfully recieved.I asked this earlier but I thought Id give it another shot.Your a diamond for trying, cheers. 
he recorded the song on a 78 record 
I didn't like the original, it's too upbeat and happy for such a morbid subject. If you don't know the event it talks about, I'm quite happy to tell you.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2sr-kMFjSkMThere you go.Metal Up Your Ass- I've never thought the song was amazing, but it's the sentiment in it. I'm Northern Irish. Do you even know what it's about?deadhead- you guys are making me wonder if I should've bothered with this. DO YOU KNOW WHAT IT'S ABOUT?Death of innocents, that's what. And my history, since -as I've said- I'm Northern Irish.God. 

i like Secondhand serenadeSpill CanvasForever the sickest kidsBoys like girlsScary kids scaring kidsHawthorne heights3 days grace30 seconds to marsmeg and diaDashboard ConfessionalAtreyu Taking back sundayHollywood UndeadThe Usedect... i also like random songs/singers likeKellyToyboxAquaso pretty much anything but rap and country? yeah or like even singers and stuff i named whats your favorite song by them?b ecause theres a chance i dont have it. lol thanks! 
I heard it on the radio and can't think of anything. 
all my life i wanted to play an acoustic guitar. but i know NOTHING about them, except that they comein acoustic and electric. im also a kick-@$$ guitar hero player, if that counts 4 anything. i want to play things like goo goo dolls and lifehouse, amber pacific and such. i really dont know where to start. should i buy a cheap used guitar from ebay, or should i buy an expensive one from a store? and then i have to hire a tutor, and i have no clue how to get one!! did i mention that im a sophmore in highschool, and my parents wont give me money for guitar lessons if their lives depended on it!! i can afford the guitar, but the lessons are gonna be a huge problem!! is there any way i can get free lessons, online or something?? many kids play the guitar in my school, but im not really friends with them, so theres only a 1/100 chance that ill ask them anything. if its really urgent then ill talk to them...so please help me get started!!!! thanks in advance!also, whats the difference between the six and twelve string..ive been looking through online music stores and i kept coming across that option...which ones best for a beginner?is this a good one??http://www.musiciansfriend.com/navigation/6-string-acoustic-electric-guitars?N=100001+304308+7 
Looking for some music similar to Daath. 
Im starting to believe chamillionaire was right, the songs are getting stupider and stupider.  Especialy in a world where people believe lil wayne is better den 2pac ever was.  And then when even people like soulja boy is one of the most talented guys right now.  And all the spngs just get stupider and stupider.  Im starting to think hip hop is almost officialy dead(well the original hip hop is).  Im about ready to start lisntening to rock and roll den or something.  After a while i might as well start listening to jonas brothers,lincoln park.  and *sigh* maybe even naked brothers band and hannah montana lol.  Whos with me lol 
Hi :DI was wondering what album of Heidi Newfield's has the song 'Johnny & June'And what are all the songs on that specific album.THXX! (: 
haha got it in your head now!! :D 
just listen to those lyrics of your favorite artistshttp://youtube.com/watch?v=EV9pe-ZXE9Edon't you know where it came from?thats what its all about 
as you know. a lot of people ask whats your song, or whats your favorite.but i want to know the one song you know, that your sure everyone will love.lets end this series of questions now!..at least for several weeks..lol.....thanks!regards,Sara 
leaving boyfriend for the summer,what are some sad songs??prefereably more recent songs.and noo  country please=] 
I've checked IMDb but I somehow either can't find it there or dunno where to find it. Its an instrumental cheerful song played whenever mr. bean uses his video cam. It's the 4th or 3rd song played at the credits. Pls help! 10 points for correct answer 
why Elvis included it in a gospel album? 
hiya i have lost all my music and need to download more can anyone suggest some albums to download or songs i am into oasis, snow patrol, eminem, hard-fi, orson panic! at the disco to name a few so i want music like theirs thank-youtbh i dnt care if you like the same music as me or not i just wanted to no recomenations its everone 2 their own i may not like the same type of music as u bt hu cares how does tht affect anyone else it doesnt bt thanx 4 the ppl hu have just left music and not a nasty opinon ur answers reli helped :D 
lyrics: Im gettin alittle tired of you breakin promises promises looking at your pages seeing diff. numbers numbers call me on your cell you hanging with your fellas fellas hanging with my girls you always gettin jealous jealous jealous. what is this song called & who is it by?? :) 
Eso que has cometido no lo justifica DiosLe has quitado la vida a un nino sin razonQuisas pudiera ser un pelotero un bachatero o algo masY no lo sabras, porque la vida tu le has quitadoComo fuiste capas a nuestro hijo tu lo has matadoSolo por cosas del amor, problemas entre tu y yoque culpa tuvo ese nino, de nuestra mala relaciondices que a la pobresa no se trae una creatura a pasar dolorque estas arrenpetida y que no quieres ser la madre de lo que es un errorpor eso yo te culpo porque ahora buscas excusas no tienes corazonDiosEso que has cometido no lo perdona DiosEso que has cometido es pecado ante DiosPor tu poca ignorancia me dan ganas de llorarMe prometiste un hijo para luego abortarQuisas pudiera ser una modelo algo importante como las demasPero no lo sabras mujer, no tiene sentimientosMataste mi amor, y un bebe que llebabas a dentroDios debe mandar castigos, a esas mujeres como tu and the rest of the song..they wouldnt let mi post it lolthe song is calledNo lo Perdona Dios by Aventura(: 
http://movies.apple.com/movies/us/apple/retail/2008/apple_retail_retailstore_20080513_r640-9cie.mov?width=640&height=360And w:hats the name of the last song??? thxLINK TO VIDhttp://movies.apple.com/movies/us/apple/retail/2008/apple_retail_retailstore_20080513_r640-9cie.mov?width=640&height=360 

I'm having trouble finding new electronic music i like. These are a few artists i like:Daft PunkDigitalismRinoceroseAirWhat are some good artists that have similar musical qualities?I'm mostly into this type of electronica (Electro Jazz, House, Chill, ect.) and less of the techno and trance. 
the url please 
I'm not terrible and not awesome. I go off key and pitch i think is not right. Is there hope? 
I liked Falsetto and Shawty is a10 and playin in her hair this album waz good 
I really like this song, but the way her profile is set up I can't find it.Please help me. :]http://elegantcrimes.com/DEFAULTTWOPATTERN3.PHPp.s. - it's not really a profile more like a picture kind of thing 
im putting together a cd for my ride and i was just wondering if u guys know any gr88 songs preferably ones that arent that well known 
i lov the band fall out boy and i also love the whole thing wht the xXx and i lov shake from aqua teen hunger force and im emo 
personaly i wouldnotlet kids listen tosomething that say ''look at that big a@# 
Sounds o.k. to me. No whammy bar though. 
I want to do what Andrew Bird does. Except you know, not as amazing. Because Andrew Bird is a million times more talented than me. 
I heard this song before and I would like to know if anyone knows what it is called..I don't really know the lyrics but It is about a cat? and during the song it meows alot. ANDANDAND it's also like metal. 
Gotta get RHH movinghttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AtppJntAy7Qe7fWBYPDWxILsy6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20080612084429AA2OGVO^^^check out my P&S Question^^^ 
i like Secondhand serenadeSpill CanvasForever the sickest kidsBoys like girlsScary kids scaring kidsHawthorne heights3 days grace30 seconds to marsmeg and diaDashboard ConfessionalAtreyu Taking back sundayHollywood UndeadThe Usedect... i also like random songs/singers likeKellyToyboxAquaso pretty much anything but rap and country? yeah or like even singers and stuff i named whats your favorite song by them?b ecause theres a chance i dont have it. lol thanks! 
Who do u think i think Chamillionaire b/c lil wayne probaly b like say some of of his same junk but wat do yall think and i mean dissin rap battle and just blowin each other out 
ok i need to find 2 lil wayne songs. im a big lil wayne fan and my friend played two crazy songs while i was driving with him. the first one has the craziest electronice sounding beat like from an old video game for SNES or something. the beat runs alone for a while before lil wayne kills it.the second has girls singing for the hook i believe. but its not hoes sing its completely different.can anyone give me the names of those songs? 
all welcome the great pretenderthose loyal will lie down to serve our wheelspaint the city gates red with the blood of all those who refuse to kneel.we come hastily cleansed in bleachsheaths taken off our silver tonguesyou do not know what to seekso how do you know what is best for your young?you are prepared for eternal waryet the city collapses on and onlead your people out of certain death and into babylon. 
okay its by linkin park...its on the movie \"saw\" but i cant remember which one (either one two or three) it starts off kind of like charms..its in the end of the movie..I CANT REMEMBER!!! help me please!! 
I personally like Lil' Wayne, and any alt. rock music what about you? 
Has it deteriorated as much as I think it has in the last 5 years? (I got sick of hearning mofos talk about their rims and hotel lobbies B.S and that was it for me)So has it become crap since the days of Tupac, Biggie, early Nas, earlier Jay-z, etc. ?Your thoughts please. 

Its by a female and that part is repeated several times, probably released in the last 3 or 4 years. Pretty soft song. Its not: Imana Copala, Trio, or Keep holding on by avril lavigne. 

What Should I Do, My Pops Says It's Cause At TImes I Lack Confidence But how Can I Get Over That, Because I Want To Become Famous And To Do So  Will Have To Sing In Front Of Thousands Of People But Right Now I Can't Sing In Front Of More Than 5. 
I need an english subtitle for \"A year and a half in the life of metallica\". Does anyone know where i can find one? 
its a song thats on alot of commericals, radio and is pretty popular.. it kinda sounds like ingrid michaelson .. its all upbeat and says something like.. strange world hoping i could love give and take .. sorry thats soo wrong but i dont know the words and i like the songand i would search it but i dont know the right words or who its by i just know the tune 

i want to know if there are any exercises for whistle notes which enable you to reach higher notes...or improve your whistle note?thanks for all your help =] 
I took 1 month to learn Fantaisie Impromptu. Coordinating it was no problem and I have been told by my piano and voice teachers that I have perfect pitch. However, I can't play Fantaisie Impromptu properly. My right wrist and arm ache whenever I play it up to the part before the chromatic scales. Why? How can I change this? 
Any websites? 
Okay so I'm 15 and I'm auditioning for a local singing competition. I REALLY need some help choosing a great song. I really love pop, but I think I sound better doing country. So any pop/country songs? NO taylor Swift, please. I love her music, but she is wayyyy over-played. I want an original song that will really show off my vocals, but that I will still feel comfortable. I wanted to do Miranda Lambert, but I'm not sure her songs are very appropriate for this kind of competition. Please pick songs that don't curse or anything. I'm VERY outgoing and I like to run around the stage and junk, so I need  a good get-up-n-dance type of song. haha. Ummm need additional details? Just ask.Thanks so much for your help!Later taters 
There's this rap song, where there is someone rapping. While he is rapping, this guy in the background says \"hold on\" and when the chorus starts, he sings \"I sing on for all of you\" I think. Does anyone know who wrote this song and what it's called? 
In the SMOKIN SECTION..UP IN SMOKE... 
I saw them in dc a few months ago and i was hip hop dancing . lol  I can't hip hop dance but i could that night . Does black metal make you want to dance ?  In general ? Or get hype ? 
I was listening to it on Spar live today; it's sung by someone American & female. It includes words like 'don't just forget' and 'convince myself' (not exact)Please post if you think you know what song this is thnx. =] 
i heard this snare is really good for playing metal because of its piccolo sound. Also, is it worth the price from musicians friend. 
This is the band that American Idol David Cook formed while in High School. I think they made 3  CD's I 'm not sure. They are really good. 
There's an old 1950's instrumental song I'm thinking of, but I can't remember what it's called.It was a one hit wonder deal.It had a space theme, something about Halle-Bopp I think. 
the video is pretty recent. band is playing on stage while a bunch of ppl are swing dancing below.name of song and band if possible. thanx.Obviously it's not a hip hop song. It's rock. 
he has a firefighter hat on, it's at the end at the wedding 
does anyone no what the song means i dont even get it 
In the last rap battle of Ms. Rap Supreme. what did Reese Steele say. can u give me all the lyrics to her rap. Thank You 
In their video they were fantizing about being secret agents. They all have the hots for a handsome black man. They take him in for questioning and at the end leave him there with kisses all over his face. 
i heard that song on the radio who helps will get 10 points 
I want to know the name of this song (it plays as soon as you go to the site http://www.soothingmusic.com/# 
i don't know how to dance so i need help cause all my friends can do it so i want to do it to 
Its pretty new and like the chorus is just How you doin but its like How you dern how you dern how you dern? it cracks me up but i dont know its name 
heres little bits of itit says a few times and throw some ds on it,whatever it is cant stop when your on that pole.thats all i knowyes!! she got it,thanks!! 
can someone plz write a love song, hip-hop or rap idk, for my guy friend to sing to this girl he likes? i need it soon!!! he wants it to say the kinds of things like: I cant live without you.to be qualified:1. tell me your 3 favorite songs2. tell me the kinds of things u would write in itIt needs to have a catchy beat, but you dont need to write any music for it. 
green day actually has put out an album in the last 4 years they just changed there band name to the foxboro hot tubs if you dont believe me check out the website http://www.foxborohottubs.com/im gonna turn this into a question by adding why would they changer there name? and do you like the foxboro hot tubs better than green day (as a band)? 
I think she's awesome and a very talented songwriter. What do you guys think? I absolutely love her cd...everyone keeps comparing her to amy winehouse but they are totally different. Two totally different people and music...not to mention voices! 
The commercial is at this website (in case somebody isn't familiar with it) http://fordflexforum.com/index.php?showtopic=90 

and maybe the others if they have cool songs? :P 
If you know his name, please tell me what show or movie he's from... 

Rate them on a scale of 1-10. And tell me why please.- Red Hot Chili Peppers- Bon Jovi- Guns N' Roses- Queen- Velvet Revolver- Nickelback- Foo Fighters- Nirvana- The Police- Goo Goo Dolls- Metallica- The Killers- The Darkness 

basically, whats above. for some reason i can't use that website that plays songs backards, and they aren't wav files, so i can't use sound recorder. any help please 
does anyone know any good songs to put on my mp3 
to a Jo Stafford song titled \"Little Man with a Candy Cigar?\" 
I am listening to Juat a moment-Nas and QuanMan that song goes to my hearthttp://youtube.com/watch?v=1tZ4Yf7jDWI 
It's a Pop / Top 40's song talking about girls kissing & tasting Cherry chap stick. 
im looking for a website where i can download js bach's Partita n.1 in B-flat major, BWV 825 for free for piano..pls anyone... : ) 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1pJ_oXZNL0It's the third song in the video.ten points. 
thanks Gear M x 
That's about all I know. I don't think anyone else is singing with him. I looked on his new cd and couldn't find it. Please help. 
Even though i hate In this Moment, Maria Brik is pretty damn hot. Also Angela Gossow of Arch Enemy. Shes hot, AND plays awsome music. 

I can't get enough of their music.I've been a big fan for 4 years/ the have been my all time favorite band for 4 years now. 


I'm throwing a Rock Star themed Sweet Sixteen party anyone have any ideas for wording for the invite or good slogans??? 
Can someone please email me the backing track of Aerosmith-I dont wana miss a thing to willywonkamichael@hotmail.complease I cant find it anywhere? 
Can anyone possibly tell me where i could find a hat like jim morrison had at Miami in 1969 the one with the skull on the front?heres a pic from the  side http://www.the-doors-world.com/pics/Footprints/BadJim/dinnerkeyautidoriummiami11.jpgand the front http://www.the-doors-world.com/pics/Footprints/BadJim/dinnerkeyautidoriummiami13.jpg 
goes like this:So sick, so sick of being tired. And oh so tired of being sick. We're both such magnifacent liars. 
i already know bubblykiss me(jewel version)and stay by lisa loebany gewd suggestions 
the follow up to Little Brothers Get back album...the alubm/mixtape and Justus For All? If you've heard it, did you enjoy it? good? bad? indifferent? 

Tough break about jon, huh! 
So I\u2019ve been playing for 6 or 7 months now and I\u2019m not an exceptional player, but I do enjoy it. If the teachers asks me to play on my own and there is no one to guide me and I\u2019m supposed to keep count of the rhythm/beat of the song, and there is no other sound around, I start to hear the music in my head and then I\u2019m not counting but listening to the song in my head and then changing when the song changes. Is it like that for everybody? Why does this happen?Thank you 
thanks Gear M loved that song! x 
Okay, so I have a husband of 5 years, and even though it should not bother me that other females like him- logically and honestly it sure does. So he had this ex that I have had several encounters with since we got together at the beginning, she cant seem to MOVE ON. She recently dedicated this song to him. You Oughta Know by Alanis Morissette. I know it seems stupid to want to be able to find a song to match this, for some people but I would like to find one that explains this here- that she is just what she is nothing but the past, hes with me now and she is jealous . I have heard that I know by Sunday, however thats from way back when Soul Train days and its hard to find it. So something that explains what I want to explain to her. Any suggestions? 
thanks Gear M loved that song! x 
Okay, so I have a husband of 5 years, and even though it should not bother me that other females like him- logically and honestly it sure does. So he had this ex that I have had several encounters with since we got together at the beginning, she cant seem to MOVE ON. She recently dedicated this song to him. You Oughta Know by Alanis Morissette. I know it seems stupid to want to be able to find a song to match this, for some people but I would like to find one that explains this here- that she is just what she is nothing but the past, hes with me now and she is jealous . I have heard that I know by Sunday, however thats from way back when Soul Train days and its hard to find it. So something that explains what I want to explain to her. Any suggestions? 
thanks Gear M loved that song! x 
Okay, so I have a husband of 5 years, and even though it should not bother me that other females like him- logically and honestly it sure does. So he had this ex that I have had several encounters with since we got together at the beginning, she cant seem to MOVE ON. She recently dedicated this song to him. You Oughta Know by Alanis Morissette. I know it seems stupid to want to be able to find a song to match this, for some people but I would like to find one that explains this here- that she is just what she is nothing but the past, hes with me now and she is jealous . I have heard that I know by Sunday, however thats from way back when Soul Train days and its hard to find it. So something that explains what I want to explain to her. Any suggestions? 
thanks Gear M loved that song! x 
Okay, so I have a husband of 5 years, and even though it should not bother me that other females like him- logically and honestly it sure does. So he had this ex that I have had several encounters with since we got together at the beginning, she cant seem to MOVE ON. She recently dedicated this song to him. You Oughta Know by Alanis Morissette. I know it seems stupid to want to be able to find a song to match this, for some people but I would like to find one that explains this here- that she is just what she is nothing but the past, hes with me now and she is jealous . I have heard that I know by Sunday, however thats from way back when Soul Train days and its hard to find it. So something that explains what I want to explain to her. Any suggestions? 
i dont mean any site that is just the top 40 songs, i want the just released stuff, cause i am tired of the same songs over over over and over again. 
eurovision , download 

no its not that one.its a new song. and it says throw some ds on it like only a couple times.thanks anyways 
creating a slide show of runners and need music for it. I need a song that both adults and kids.ok now i am not as worried about the length just give me some songs, but the longer the better 

Hi,My name's Brittany (Britt) and I'm 15. In chorus at school, I'm a 1st soprano and everyone knows I can sing well like that - I've been in chamber choirs for 5 years. But, I've never let anyone here my lower \"belting voice\". I'm afraid it might just be interpreted as shouting. Could you tell me how I sound?http://www.soundupload.com/audio/x51typ1ce08fa5aI had to stand in the hallway to make it bearable, hopefully it's not too loud. Please let me know if I should keep this inside of me. 
it goes something like SHAKE, SHAKE, SHAKE, SHAKE A SHAKE IT and it does that for like 3 times. i have no idea who sings it and thats all. can you help me out? 
i dont know what the song is called and trying to find it 
I love this song although I havent heard it very much.  Its got some crazy sounding pianao/keyboard... I looked it up online and couldnt find matches. Its a guy who sings it...does anyone knw what song I'm talking about and who sings it?  Thank you so much!  :) 
Make a list of the following bands starting from #1 as the most underrated and ending with #10 as the least underrated regardless of genres variety :**Steppenwolf**Wishbone Ash**Bad Company**Thin Lizzy**Humble Pie**King Crimson**Budgie**Jefferson Airplane**The Band**The Guess Who 

I'm going on a roadtrip by myself and I'll be on the road all night ... looking for some good, eerie, unsettling music for the journey.Suggestions? 


I can't find any of his stuff anywhere any suggestions and I don't mind paying. He is probably the most slept on rapper ever 
I have been looking for cool alternative bands. I love stuff like Paramore and Fall Out Boy. I also like bands like AFI and We the Kings. Any new bands that sounds like these? 
I can't find any of his stuff anywhere any suggestions and I don't mind paying. He is probably the most slept on rapper ever 
I have been looking for cool alternative bands. I love stuff like Paramore and Fall Out Boy. I also like bands like AFI and We the Kings. Any new bands that sounds like these? 
I can't find any of his stuff anywhere any suggestions and I don't mind paying. He is probably the most slept on rapper ever 
I have been looking for cool alternative bands. I love stuff like Paramore and Fall Out Boy. I also like bands like AFI and We the Kings. Any new bands that sounds like these? 
I can't find any of his stuff anywhere any suggestions and I don't mind paying. He is probably the most slept on rapper ever 
I have been looking for cool alternative bands. I love stuff like Paramore and Fall Out Boy. I also like bands like AFI and We the Kings. Any new bands that sounds like these? 
which version is better?http://www.zshare.net/audio/13489892bdfde4be/http://www.zshare.net/audio/134900142bda7d56/http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Child%27s_Play_%28album%29 
What's the name of the song playing on \"Fast Times at Ridgemont High\" when Phoebe Cates is walking out of the swimming pool? 
Van HalenMotley CruePink FloydMetallicaWhite SnakeViolent FemmesMisfitsTelevisionPatti Smith GroupMink DevilleThe Dead BoysThe DictatorsThe FleshtonesRichard Hell & The VoidoidsTalking HeadsDuran DuranDef LeppardAvenged SevenfoldKissFlaming LipsOsboureMotorheadRadioheadTwisted SisterBloodhound Gang3 Day GraceDragonforceGoo Goo Dolls 

i want to download music with out da instruments just da wordship hop music.......... 
I remembered getting this CD in some deal with Columbia House way back where you get all kinds of CD's for penny or something, only because I liked the cover.  The CD was ok compared to today's BS hip-hop, but horrible compared to the hip-hop that was coming out back then.  Somebody asked a question about wack albums with hot covers, I remembered it, and thought I'd see if anybody else remembered it.http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/9/9f/Big_Bear_'Doin_Thangs'_Album_Cover.jpg 
To me, it has always been a wide-ranging term which served to encompass various subgenres. Just like Rock covers genres from Krautrock to Hard Rock, Alternative Rock serves as a means to group various subgenres; Post-Punk, Shoegazing, Noise Rock, Grunge etc.But now I'm starting to think it's just a meaningless label.A fellow user once said that Sonic Youth didn't seem heavy enough to be Alternative. Another user earlier today called Disturbed and Metallica Alternative Rock. These days, when people ask for Alternative bands, they often get bands like Fall Out Boy.From this, one can tell that different people have very different views as to what Alternative Music really is.So the question I pose is this; What is 'Alternative Rock' to you?Do you think it is a valid sub-genre at all?+ You can add any additional thoughts you have on the matter. 
ok the comercial was like a band playing and some wierd animated thing was around them.  something like a windows media player visual thing. if u can give me who the comerciall that would be fine. youtube video even better!! thanks 
it sounds like an early 90s song 
ok i think the singer's last name is like nazuka or something like that and in his music video the stars are falling from the sky and the main chorus is like i no ..... 
top 100 means not on mtv, vh1 or always on the radio 
i dont know how perfect the lyrics are but this is what i got just from listening\"im fly as allaire im high in the air.  a star in the flesh go blind when you stare.  when you talkin down there we dont hear it up here.  we landed on the moon why do we care.\"someone please help me!!! thank you! 
okay, I know this might be hard to figure out but, I hope someone can help me... I was watching VH1 this morning and I heard this song by some guy... I don't know how the words go but I do know in the video the guy is wearing an orange shirt and he is an older guy probably in his 30's with brown hair.  He kinda has a raspy voice, sound kind of rock starish! Its driving me insane I need to know who sings this song... Please Help! 
Is it true from your point of view that Robin Trower especially in his solo era is the closest to Jimi Hendrix style and abilities ???? 
I have a music competition coming up soon and as it's my last year with the group I want to do something impressive. I'm an alto and I'm looking for a good, memorable song, nothing cheesy. Probably quite ballady, preferably with a big belting note. I can reach about the second e above middle c in my belt voice . Any ideas? xxx 
Send lyrics with it please. (Mine is \"Right Now\")    http://www.sing365.com/music/lyric.nsf/Right-Now-lyrics-Korn/DE025A856F7797D248256DDB002A6DEA 
(1) What are the best three albums you recommend for Spooky Tooth ????? (I have only Spooky Two)(2) Is it true that the band had tried to shift into a more Progressive Hard Rock ????? (If it is , did you like it ???)(3) Regardless of your love to this band . Is this band better than HUMBLE PIE or GOLDEN EARRING for example ??? 
(1) What is the best three albums you recommend for Spooky Tooth ????? (I have only Sppky Two)(2) Is it true that the band had tried to shift into a more Progressive Hard Rock ????? (If it is , did you like it ???)(3) Regardless of your love to this band . Is this band better than HUMBLE PIE or GOLDEN EARRING for example ??? 
i like Germany's Rock and Pop bands like Tokio Hotel and Lafee also Japan's J-Rock group The Gazette I dont think that here in the UK there are much bands to offer,theres mostly indie.What are your favourites and name the band. 

making rappers out to be the alphas of the world\"stop hating cuz he makin money\"huh???how simple minded do you have to be to draw that up?rappers are rich yes...but they dont have wealthwhat is lil wayne on forbes mag as one of the top 5 richest people???id hate on puff or 50 or jay..if i was mad @ a hiphop igga gettin moneyi saw a video the other da on youtube of some chick sticki up for bow wow cuz \"people hatin cuz he makin money\"..lolim mad @ bow wow cuz he's worth a few million?if i would hate someone for makin money i would hate some ceo of an oil company who is worth billions and has there finger on the botton...has poitical figures in their pocket..and who gets away with murder..not someone who makes a song about a lollipop and earns like 6-7 mill a year..(which is alot i kno lol) but cant we juct not like an artist anymore??are rappers so special that u cant say a word about them??are they saving the world??im done venting ..hate me nowrhh* tons of typos but u get it 
I like listening to reversed songs on youtube but i don't know how to reverse them myself... I'm confused. 
Please provide the artists name and title of the songthanks 
does anyone know where i can download that thing because i want!!!!! 
In a last man standing contest , who would be the 1st , the 2nd , the 3rd and the 4th when it comes to guitar riffs ???Mine is I think :1) RORY GALLAGHER2) PETER GREEN3) ROBIN TROWER4) PETER FRAMPTON(What's yours???) 
In a last man standing contest , who would be the 1st , the 2nd , the 3rd and the 4th when it comes to guitar riffs ???Mine is I think :1) RORY GALLAGHER2) PETER GREEN3) ROBIN TROWER4) PETER FRAMPTON(What's yours???) 
I don't know what the title is or artist. Please Help 

I like all the tracks,which is your favourite Bob Marley song?Thanks. 
On the Grey's Anatomy Season 4 Finale... there was a great  song in the background when all the characters were kissing someone.  Does anyone know the artist and title? 

http://hiphophype.blogspot.com/2008/06/police-pull-gun-on-jim-jones-at-summer.htmllol...only in nyit was kinda funny seein jim jones duckin....but i cant fake, i woulda did the same thing if put in that situation 

How's everyone's day so far???RHH: What do you look for in rap artists? What makes you become a fan of them?Ex. Lyrics, vocab, subjects they rap about .....What makes you dislike certain artists?? 
system of a down rocks my favorite song is BYOB 

I want more songs like \"Say Yeah\" 


What is the best way to learn bass guitar on my own, a video or book, and what are the titles of the best ones? 
it is getting on my nerves.. it seems like the steve miller band.. who in the hell is it?Nope .. i found it on my list of songs.. it is Peter Frampton.. haha 
Hi, im a 16yo guy and at the moment im having problems going in and out of faulsetto. About 2 months ago or so i used to do it with ease and it used to be quite strong, but just recently im starting to loose it a little. Has anyone got any tips on makiong it easier to slip in and out, and also how to get it back upto strength?Thankyou. 

all I could find was http://youtube.com/watch?v=YyOw6bWy8X8JUDAShttp://youtube.com/watch?v=MJDdJoBTwYEIRON MAIDENwhos better, whats the difference?whats your favorite songs?you guys think they still got \"it\"? 
Eva Mendes or Vida Guerra?Hip Hop Question:Which Rapper has the best delivery?worst?btw: I pick EvaVida doesnt have any natural beautyjust a phat azz :|lol@Mech....... you're opiniondudes rather go for a girl that hasa Body thats 10and a face thats 7/8I go for the face-10body-7/8 
OK...Whats a good song that pretty much says...im crazy and i dont care what you think.....or something kinda close to that?I want an alternative or rock song if possible...no hard rock! Thanks:) 
The song scotty doesnt know by Lustra is like my favorite song, but i listened to the lyrics a couple of times, and it seems that the message isnt what i expected. its still the best song ever haha. ;)  idk i just wanted intrerperatations(sp?) from other people. thanks! 
Regarding the treatment of early soviet modernist composers (Roslavets, Lourie, Prokofiev...) and their ideals, how did this affect the ideals and music of the next generation of composers? (Shostakovich, Shebalin, Shaporin and even as far as Khachaturian and Kabalevsky if valid).Any reading reccommendations would be well recieved, as I am fascinated in Russian history, and would love to learn more! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFDvvQ5wi1wOr any other similar 70's rock songs. 
I have a Laney kickback amp(not exactly sure what model) that has been acting up for awhile. When I play, the sound kind of randomly jumps in and out or gets softer or not even make a noise. Out of frustration, I've solved it temporarily by either smacking the strings above my pickups or kicking the amp. Sometimes it just has like a really loud buzz/shriek, kind of like   the sound of a loose guitar cable with an amp on, that completely overpowers my bass and I have to turn it off to stop. I don't think it's my basses since it does it for all of them, and my cables are pretty new. What can I do with the amp to fix it, or should I take it in to a shop? 
I CHECK LIMEWIRE NOTHING THERE!!!I PREFER ZSHARE RAPIDSHARE MEGAUPLOAD LIMELINX!!!PLEASE HELP!!! 
I like the song can you also show me a website that i could download it for free 
But I do remember at the beginning it had sirens blaring and its not a hip-hop song or anything its like a cross between maybe metal and rock or something. I can't remember anything about the song other then I like it. I hate when stuff like this happens. Any help please?=O I said rock not country. Don't bring your blasphemous country to this question! 
There Is This Song My Aunt And I Listened To In The Car While Going To The Mall ...It Goes Like This ...\"i know you stuck in traffic i know you stuck in traffic and you probably wanna hurt somebody but i need you to keep your focuz.....every good gift from above comes from jesus ever good gift from above comes from christ\" idk what the song is called i know it by ypj & fvc nd its  a christmas album ...when i googled it i could not find it ....ne body know where i can find this song ...thanks in advance!! 
its something like\"dont cha wanna see me flawt what i got?\"Also that other song that gose its time and that all 
I made an acoustic guitar out of a shoe box and some rubber bands that sounds good, but it isn't very loud. I have a little mike that is alright for capturing audio and a battery powered speaker that I want to hook together. Other people have told me that I need an amp between the mike and speaker, but I don't really know anything besides an amp makes the signal from the mike to the speaker bigger. Any ideas besides buying a small amp from radio shack or somewhere?I have another idea, but I don't know if it will work. Would putting a handheld phone inside the box and having the wires that would have gone to the speaker in the phone go to another speaker work?Maybe a small megaphone or something would work, too. 
If you don't know them,they are a band that yells 
My friend sang the song Break The Sky by The Hush Sound for our Variety Show at school and I fell in love with it. But now I can't find where to download it anywhere! Can somebody help me out? 

I Think it was a yogurt commercial...the lyrics go\"i'm feeling light as a feather\"andsomething like \"I feel like i can jump over the moon if i could...\"and ends with \"I'm feeling so good\"it was a bit jazzy, and it was from a long time ago...please help me! :( 
I dont know a lot of the lyrics, obviously, and im not sure these are right but it goes something like this, and its a rock/alternative song.\"Bleeding hearts baby, the bleeding of you heart babay!\" wow, who ever gets this right is getting a lot of points because that was the worst lyric i could of given. but i want to know!!!! 
I love to hear it if you have a youtube video of your favorites songsMy Heart Will Go On - Celine Dion 
well i need more songs on my mp3 soo plz helplots of love jenny\u2665 
I personally think that these songs have awesome intros:Pantera - Cowboys from Hellhttp://youtube.com/watch?v=Z8E-9x4ClB8Iron Maiden - Wasting Lovehttp://youtube.com/watch?v=ylfYBeW28U4Metallica - Master of the Puppetshttp://youtube.com/watch?v=Ynhr9Vu_vOMEnter Sandmanhttp://youtube.com/watch?v=jRYDetbwegsHow about you all, what metal song do you think has the best intro?Y'all can put up new songs. It doesnt have to be one of these songs, unless it is 
hey i have some great lyrics for a song but i cant really write music so what would be a good tune? 
Double Dragon Mission 1 on NESPerformed by Chris Kline A.K.A. Vertexguyhttp://youtube.com/watch?v=SDllKN9V6foULTIMATE GUITAR DOES NOT WORK! CHECK YOUR ANSWERS BEFORE YOU POST THEM! I HAVE ALREADY TRIED THAT SITE! 

I'm so sorry but i only got this lyric - first aid kit handy 
\"Have A Cigar\" on the \"Wish you Were Here\" album?It's Roy Harper who is 67 today!MQ; What other songs from studio albums have a \"guest\" (other than the usual lead vocalist) singing the lead vocals?Edit: Smiley, I knew you and a few others would know, so can you answer MQ?Edit: Press C, It only counts if he sings the lead vocals on the studio album.Edit: Kenny A, Roy Harper doesn't sing on that song, it's a tribute to him.  Jimmy Page though has appeared on Roy's albums \"Stormcock\" and \"Whatever Happened to Jugula?\".Edit: Peepaw, sorry, duets don't count here, Lol.Edit: Terry, Thanks, that's a great pick!Edit: Smiley, Duets don't count and Frank Zappa had guest vocalists on nearly all his albums.I know you can do better, Lol!Edit: Smiley, I was talking about the Sandy Denny duet only!Edit: Cookie Cutter, Great answer!I have that Nugent album and didn't realize that. 
It would help if a fluent Japanese speaker could answer this one, since it looks like it isn't included in 'official' lyrics.It would help if a fluent Japanese speaker could answer this one, since it looks like it isn't included in 'official' lyrics.  Also called Naitomea. 
I'm looking for some new albums to buy, and I was wondering what you think I should get. Here are some of my cds, so you can get a taste of my music likings:Radiohead - The BendsSenses Fail - Still SearchingCute is What We Aim For - The Same Old Blood Rush with a new TouchFall Out Boy - Infinity On HighWeezer - The Red AlbumWeezer - The Blue AlbumWeezer - Make BelieveThursday - War All The TimeAs you can tell, I'm heavily into emo/pop-punk/punk music. Any music you think I should check out? Please explain why as well, that would help, thnx. =) 
I need a song cos I love it! but i live in a supported accomation and we're not allowed to download muisc. Can anybody help? 
i was something similar to Freaky Friday - Take me awayor Rihanna - Break it off etc? 
we live, we love, we forgive, and never give upthats all i remember can you tell me the name or who sings it it is a girl 
its a country song that starts out, \"another summer day, has come and got away.......i want to go home........they be surrounded by, a million people but i want to go home 
anyone now the theme tune to the shed sports showheres a vid with it on if u aint seen it before - its the song at the starthttp://www.nuts.tv/editorial/0802/WKDShedSportsShow.htmthanks...dont not click it cos its nuts tv it aint dirty or nothin lol 
lil wayne mix http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gQ0Avc0o_SwSoul Survivor Remixhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F5ZdxS0a3nwBoosie Mix http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uBhlNJ0PAKMlil wayne and boosie mix http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gOf13Gpfg-4Fireman Remix http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_HkS0mk6F0 

Who hates Taylor Swift besides me and think she sounds totally fake as a country singer? Ok, my real question iiiiiiiiis:Is there a website where you can download or just listen to instrumental versions of popular songs?If you don't believe she sounds fake, listen to her song, Our Song. The easiest way to hear it is at the end of that song.I have Limewire and It's stupid. I can get songs, but i cant get instrumental versions. That's why im posting the question...gosh. 
In the New Year my sister entered the school Stars in yer eyes competition. She won out of her school and then out of the whole of the town. On Monday she's going to be singing against people from all around Northern Ireland in the final. Does anyone know any details about it like who the celebrity judges are? What the prize is? 
1. Alanis Morissette2. Nelly Furtatdo3. Sheryl Crow4. Gwen StefaniThanks to all who answer! 
Carry on wayward son.It's by Kansas. 
This song sounds kind of like classic rock, it is not rap, or the cha cha slide.  I cannot remember the words, it did have vocal sounds in it ,  but it is a classic song. Thanks for helping. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3WhQB7Hq0Q 
Should have added, yes it is the song from the Jmaes bond movie of the same name, but it's not Shirley Bassey I am after, it was a punk band in the late 70's or early 80's who sang this version. 
Should have added, yes it is the song from the Jmaes bond movie of the same name, but it's not Shirley Bassey I am after, it was a punk band in the late 70's or early 80's who sang this version. 
Should have added, yes it is the song from the Jmaes bond movie of the same name, but it's not Shirley Bassey I am after, it was a punk band in the late 70's or early 80's who sang this version. 
Should have added, yes it is the song from the Jmaes bond movie of the same name, but it's not Shirley Bassey I am after, it was a punk band in the late 70's or early 80's who sang this version. 
Two of the biggest music superstars of the 50's both died in their cars, both died immediately after playing a gig at the Skyline Bar in Houston, Texas, and BOTH LEFT BEHIND THE SAME WIDOW! Who were the two country stars? 
Two of the biggest music superstars of the 50's both died in their cars, both died immediately after playing a gig at the Skyline Bar in Houston, Texas, and BOTH LEFT BEHIND THE SAME WIDOW! Who were the two country stars? 
Two of the biggest music superstars of the 50's both died in their cars, both died immediately after playing a gig at the Skyline Bar in Houston, Texas, and BOTH LEFT BEHIND THE SAME WIDOW! Who were the two country stars? 
Two of the biggest music superstars of the 50's both died in their cars, both died immediately after playing a gig at the Skyline Bar in Houston, Texas, and BOTH LEFT BEHIND THE SAME WIDOW! Who were the two country stars? 
It starts with a sentence that has the word Yummy in it and its sung by a girl and its like these popping noises as well. Its really catchy and lovvve it but just cant find the songs name and artist.Ten points please ! Thank youuuu. : )Dont worry i found it. 
It starts with a sentence that has the word Yummy in it and its sung by a girl and its like these popping noises as well. Its really catchy and lovvve it but just cant find the songs name and artist.Ten points please ! Thank youuuu. : )Dont worry i found it. 
It starts with a sentence that has the word Yummy in it and its sung by a girl and its like these popping noises as well. Its really catchy and lovvve it but just cant find the songs name and artist.Ten points please ! Thank youuuu. : )Dont worry i found it. 
It starts with a sentence that has the word Yummy in it and its sung by a girl and its like these popping noises as well. Its really catchy and lovvve it but just cant find the songs name and artist.Ten points please ! Thank youuuu. : )Dont worry i found it. 
Should have added, yes it is the song from the Jmaes bond movie of the same name, but it's not Shirley Bassey I am after, it was a punk band in the late 70's or early 80's who sang this version. 
Should have added, yes it is the song from the Jmaes bond movie of the same name, but it's not Shirley Bassey I am after, it was a punk band in the late 70's or early 80's who sang this version. 
Should have added, yes it is the song from the Jmaes bond movie of the same name, but it's not Shirley Bassey I am after, it was a punk band in the late 70's or early 80's who sang this version. 
Should have added, yes it is the song from the Jmaes bond movie of the same name, but it's not Shirley Bassey I am after, it was a punk band in the late 70's or early 80's who sang this version. 
Two of the biggest music superstars of the 50's both died in their cars, both died immediately after playing a gig at the Skyline Bar in Houston, Texas, and BOTH LEFT BEHIND THE SAME WIDOW! Who were the two country stars? 
Two of the biggest music superstars of the 50's both died in their cars, both died immediately after playing a gig at the Skyline Bar in Houston, Texas, and BOTH LEFT BEHIND THE SAME WIDOW! Who were the two country stars? 
Two of the biggest music superstars of the 50's both died in their cars, both died immediately after playing a gig at the Skyline Bar in Houston, Texas, and BOTH LEFT BEHIND THE SAME WIDOW! Who were the two country stars? 
Two of the biggest music superstars of the 50's both died in their cars, both died immediately after playing a gig at the Skyline Bar in Houston, Texas, and BOTH LEFT BEHIND THE SAME WIDOW! Who were the two country stars? 
It starts with a sentence that has the word Yummy in it and its sung by a girl and its like these popping noises as well. Its really catchy and lovvve it but just cant find the songs name and artist.Ten points please ! Thank youuuu. : )Dont worry i found it. 
It starts with a sentence that has the word Yummy in it and its sung by a girl and its like these popping noises as well. Its really catchy and lovvve it but just cant find the songs name and artist.Ten points please ! Thank youuuu. : )Dont worry i found it. 
It starts with a sentence that has the word Yummy in it and its sung by a girl and its like these popping noises as well. Its really catchy and lovvve it but just cant find the songs name and artist.Ten points please ! Thank youuuu. : )Dont worry i found it. 
It starts with a sentence that has the word Yummy in it and its sung by a girl and its like these popping noises as well. Its really catchy and lovvve it but just cant find the songs name and artist.Ten points please ! Thank youuuu. : )Dont worry i found it. 
If anyone has the correct tab with the order that you play each verse in, I would like to know it. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K6LbiJ8-C98I would say thats hard rock, not heavy metalMy conviction is stronger todayAs I fight to uncover your sacred lieAnd the fear isn't going awayAs the soldiers still dieLet your followers know their lives have been soldFor the good of your sacred lieFor the truth to be toldAnd the plan to unfoldWe must start asking whyDon't you know the war is far from over nowWhat a stumbling block we've fallen over nowAs our brothers die defending no oneThe war is far from over nowno, disturbed ruleshttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jN-_up5dSW0led zepplinhard rock? 
here are lyrics:shake it in shake it out move it in move it out bring that booty to the dance floor let me see you work it outits a hip hop songsounds like 80's or somethingits not disco lady 

I need piano sheet music for what ive done by lincoln park...I also need the words below the sheet music, becuase I have2 sing this 2day, and with the piano Ive been getting off...Thanx~ 
I know the beginning, but not the rest. It starts:\"You ought to see what they did to my mummyPulled his organs out of his tummyput them in spice, whacked 'em in a jar,painted him up in sticky tarwrapped him in linen from his head to his toes,pulled his brains out of his nose,but that's not all the embalmers did,they buried my mummy in a pyramid!Ancient Egypt down by the Nile,mummy's gonna be in the tomb for a whilefair go, pharaoh, it's not funny,tell king tut i want my mummy!!\"But thats only the start of it but can anyone tell me where I can listen/download it? 
hi . those who have heard secret garden composed and performed by norwegian composer Rolf L\u00F8vland  and  violinist  Fionnuala Sherry  enjoy this kind of music alot  can  you introduce me works like secret garden  and aloso their composers and performers? 
I know the beginning, but not the rest. It starts:\"You ought to see what they did to my mummyPulled his organs out of his tummyput them in spice, whacked 'em in a jar,painted him up in sticky tarwrapped him in linen from his head to his toes,pulled his brains out of his nose,but that's not all the embalmers did,they buried my mummy in a pyramid!Ancient Egypt down by the Nile,mummy's gonna be in the tomb for a whilefair go, pharaoh, it's not funny,tell king tut i want my mummy!!\"But thats only the start of it but can anyone tell me where I can listen/download it? 
hi . those who have heard secret garden composed and performed by norwegian composer Rolf L\u00F8vland  and  violinist  Fionnuala Sherry  enjoy this kind of music alot  can  you introduce me works like secret garden  and aloso their composers and performers? 
I know the beginning, but not the rest. It starts:\"You ought to see what they did to my mummyPulled his organs out of his tummyput them in spice, whacked 'em in a jar,painted him up in sticky tarwrapped him in linen from his head to his toes,pulled his brains out of his nose,but that's not all the embalmers did,they buried my mummy in a pyramid!Ancient Egypt down by the Nile,mummy's gonna be in the tomb for a whilefair go, pharaoh, it's not funny,tell king tut i want my mummy!!\"But thats only the start of it but can anyone tell me where I can listen/download it? 
hi . those who have heard secret garden composed and performed by norwegian composer Rolf L\u00F8vland  and  violinist  Fionnuala Sherry  enjoy this kind of music alot  can  you introduce me works like secret garden  and aloso their composers and performers? 
I know the beginning, but not the rest. It starts:\"You ought to see what they did to my mummyPulled his organs out of his tummyput them in spice, whacked 'em in a jar,painted him up in sticky tarwrapped him in linen from his head to his toes,pulled his brains out of his nose,but that's not all the embalmers did,they buried my mummy in a pyramid!Ancient Egypt down by the Nile,mummy's gonna be in the tomb for a whilefair go, pharaoh, it's not funny,tell king tut i want my mummy!!\"But thats only the start of it but can anyone tell me where I can listen/download it? 
hi . those who have heard secret garden composed and performed by norwegian composer Rolf L\u00F8vland  and  violinist  Fionnuala Sherry  enjoy this kind of music alot  can  you introduce me works like secret garden  and aloso their composers and performers? 
I just found this website jmp3.net that lets you download mp3s but... I don't know how.The site is in Chinese and I've searched for a translator but haven't found one. Can someone help me figure this out? Thanks! 

I need the instrumental version of My Wish by Rascal Flatts for graduation.. does anybody know where I could download it from? It is urgent!I dont want the karaoke version because there is people singing on it. 
Lyrics please! 
hope this helps everyone! took me awhile to find it. here it is... http://josh.agarrado.net/music/anime/index.php?searchterms=Still+Doll&srctype= 
What are some good industrial bands that sound like the prodigy and angelspit? 

yes his music does suck but at least hes a good person check out the interview he actually sounds smart 2 lolhttp://allhiphop.com/stories/multimedia__podcasts/archive/2008/06/10/20080046.aspxlol at messiah 
the song goes like \"ey oh lets go ey oh lets go\" i believe it was in the jimmy neutron movie 
Does anyone know where I can download a copy of the free concert MCS played last night on Deep Rock Drive?  I wasn't able to watch the whole thing, so I would really love to have it.Please do not suggest file sharing sites.  I am looking for a direct link.If there is a spot where you can watch the whole thing, that would work too.  (not Youtube) 
I want to burn a CD to my friend that will move out of the coutry and I need some musics about friendship and moving away..=D 
I need to know the noted for Love in this club!!!Can u help me? 
You see they're considered metal but i disagree I think they're just normal rock what do you think? 
I think KRSalso a bonus Question,I got two fish yesterday a black one and a gold one, can you come up with some cool fish names? pleaseGang related lmaoUmma buy them little bandanasmy sister actually got both them free off these kids who were going to flush themhaha good names everyoneGold fish will be Fishstick 
what is the name of guitar 

i play the violin and i want to play hip hop songs, but i cant find sheet music or a full violin hip hop book in the UK . can anyone help me please thanks! 

I'd already search the net of this lyrics but can't find any...Thank you guys and God bless you more... 
Here is a link to a clip from the movie.http://youtube.com/watch?v=3wyZSZ-5u-cI have figured out that soul sonic force's song looking for the perfect beat is playing here but its the vocal chant that I need to find the name of.....it starts at :34 seconds. It doesn't even sound english, just sounds like some random stuff and I would imagine it has to be by Bambaataa and the Soul Sonic but i can not find it. I have \"looking for the perfect beat\" and it is not on there.please help!! 
if you go to music and play any song go to options,click skin, and then on the button lyrics what is that for? 
list the top 10 songs you know. 

I'm getting more and more into stuff like Bob Dylan and Johnny Cash, and more recently artists like Adam Green, Regina Spector and Cat Power. Does anyone kow any good folk musicians, preferably modern but older suggestions are also welcome. 
I need to know the listing of songs on this album? 
i need to download trance, techno and other genre of music for a purpose..... i need a quick reply p.s..... 
the lyrics is something like this\"lets see how far is goes, lets see how far it goes\", moderate fast song thanks 
Im doin a party on the weekend theas songs?My playlist---Humming Bird- Born RuffianMore Stronger- Britney vs Kanye WestForever- Chris BrownElevator- Flo RidaBalloons- FoalsLollipop- lil Wayne4 Elevators- Madonna Vs Flo- RidaUp The Eyeball- MetrosMr Understanding- Pete and the PiratesUmbrella It- Rihanna vs NellyDont Stop the beautiful girls- Rihanna Vs Sean KingstonRolexs Sweep- SkeptaLove in the club- UsherA-Punk- Vampire WeekendGet smashed Gate crash- HadoukenMade up stories- Go:AudioYou  got any other good tracks I could use?? 
On The Roots \"Rising Up\" (dope song) video... Black Thought is wearing a NY Yankees cap... And they blur it out sometimes...Not all the time....Does anyone know if this censorship has anything to do with the Yankees and copywrites or is it something else...Its certainly not offensive...BTW...It was on VH1 Soul...Touche Caput...lol... 
i've listened to the music Mike has made with Fort Minor and i think it's awsome. are there ANY rappers like him today?i'm tired of listening to this mainstream crap. i don't want to listen to guys wanting to having sex with girls, selling drugs, or gang wars. the only other rapper i can think of who actually has talent is Eminem 
In my opinion posers like Slipknot should not even be allowed to be anywhere near the metal genre, and basically any of the nu metal bullshit. Can you think of any band like that ?I think that ACDC, Guns N Roses and Led Zeppelin are more metal then any of the nu metal bands, and they are considered the original metal bands.Lone Wolf, who the f uck gives a s hit about the Grammys? Iron Maiden never won one f-ing grammy and they are still my favorite band. Popularity is not what makes a true kick ass metal band.What do you mean what about black sabbath?Of Course I forgot Black Sabbath as the fathers of metal. Yea, they were one of the bands who made metal a genre. Also Jimi Hendrix, and many more 
being weary and not leaving.  I can't remember much of it but I liked it. I remember the tune but not the words.  It was slow. I know one part said Who needs tomorrow, lets make it last.  But i just can't remember any more.  Can you?  Thanks. 
People say the bass player is suppose to 'lock in' with the kick drum. But how? 
Any chance it'll be made? Hopefully in 2008? 

I'm not sure if this is the right category to post this question or not, but I'm curious to ask anyway.I've been thinking a lot about cover songs -- when a band records/performs a song that was originally written/performed by someone else.  In particular, what cover songs do you know where the COVER version is more well-known than the original.Some examples:- Sh-boom:  originally recorded by the Chords, but better known in its version by the Crew Cuts (both from 1954, I think??)- When a Man Loves a Woman:  by Percy Sledge (1966), but (arguably) better known today in the remake by Michael Bolton (1991)- Red Rubber Ball:  written by Paul Simon, but recorded by The Cyrkle in 1966.  Interestingly, Simon and Garfunkel made a live recording of this song (on the \"Simon and Garfunkel: Old Friends\" collection)...is THIS a cover?  Did Paul Simon \"cover\" his own song?If anyone knows of any other songs in this category, I'd love to hear them!Katydint -- Oh no!  Not BETTER.  I despise Michael Bolton.  But I'm suggesting that his recording might be more WELL-KNOWN than Sledge.  (I have no statistics to back that up, other than that I've heard Bolton's version on the radio much more often...) 
i think its by bob dylan but it goes like this:oooooo weee ride behind tomorrows the day my brides are gonna come oh no we gotta go down in my easy chair          then the harmonica plays???thank you so much!!!!!!!!! my dad used to sing that all the time! you made my day! 
Here's an interview from the other day where he mentions it..http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqQ3RFMIJtUI only wrote this to try annoy people BTW 
An 80's band (I think) had a song out, soft rock.  I don't know the lyrics, but I think the beginning line and chorus have the words/sounds \"oooo  yeah yeah\"  with the 'oooo' drawn out and the 'yeah yeah' sounded quickly.Thanks ! 
and what is one of their songs you like/listening to right now.mine is papa roach and their song 'forever'ive just started listening to them. they rock! 

Hello,I am going to buy a students trumpet, more precisely a Jean Baptiste 680.  Now I have the option to get it with silver finish, or lacquered a nice blue or black.   I am concerned that the laqure may effect the sound in some way.  Does anyone know how big a difference there may be?  Also if some one can may recommend another trumpet in the $400- $800 dollar range I would love to go look for other options. Thanksalso i understand that laqure fades.. how much should i expect? 
if you know any names of the songs in Apr\u00E8s lui i would love to know. thanks 
Yeah so i do choir and plays and singing competitions and all of that stuff and people say that i have a really good pure sounding voice but when i try to listen to myself sing i feel like its nothing special..Im trying to get more comfortable with my singing because im still trying to overcome stage fright. Anyways i can overcome stage fright and become confident singing in front of people? 
some ppl i talked to, they got all mad when i tried to figure out what genres certain bands are in.i was trying to figure out what bands were death metal bands and what were the metalcore bands.i was just asking and they acted like i was insulting their favorite death metal bands (which i wasnt) 
that's really not an answer. 
I was going through my cd collection, burning them to my computer and I found this old Linkin Park cd I used to listen to in high school and noticed some of it sounds like Shadows stuff.Actually one whole song sounds like a big Shadow rip off. WTF? 
lmao don't ask me WHY i was watching celebrity circus, kay?but when the first guy was doing his routine, there was a song playing.it sounded like blink 182.but i don't know what song it was.and it was overnight, so i don't exactly remember what it said.so yahhh.any helpp?Thankyouthankyouthankyou soooo much! :D 
\"i wanna know i wanna kno what she is thinking .. \"above are parts of the lyrics.... it sounds like by a young singerthanks, have a nice day 
Have any of y'all heard of BAMA JAM, cuz I live in texas and I heard of it from friends!!!I just wanted to know what it is. 
The only words I remember are \"Ounce of Semilla\" and it was a really cool song from years ago. Please help! 
Give me a song that you know I'd like for my new iPodI'm open to any suggestions 
I heard this song that goes \"ttenagers scare the living **** out of me...\" and i dont know what the name of it is!! Please help me because i really ant 2 buy that song!! 
I've been a huge fan of them for a while and all of there songs are amazing and there lryics actually have a message (unlike soulja boy)and i was wondering why more people don't know anything about them. 

Hi, a big storm just passed through and my sister and I took a bunch of pictures.  Shes into making videos with pictures and video clips, and she wants to make one with the pictures we took.  The only problem is, we can't think of a song to use.  Does anyone have any suggestions?  Preferably about storms, thunder, lighting or fire, etc. (There was an electrical fire around the corner).Thanks. 
Does anyone know the piano chords for lie lie lie by Serj Tankian...plz help 
where i can find score for petrouchka russian dance and anime's score, ikuto's song from anime shugo chara? i already search it in ichigos sheet music n the other but i can;t find it. if someone have perfect pitch (:p) n can make score for ikuto's song, please send it to me. it's for violin and very beauty song 

its disco-ish and you'll see it on the commercials when she's in the club and she introduces her sister to the guy on acciedentits like do the dance do the dance please help lol 
Is  Def jam company is just for black??! 

I LOVE the song \"Play My Music\" from Camp Rock but i want to know ur opinion!!! 
she was saying something in her music video before she start singing...please translate it for me. Thank you... =) 
there's a song that sounds reggae i think it goes where do i goooooo where do i tryyyyyyyy its on radio 1 at 11pm to 12pm i think its uk garage but i dunno what it is and you cant really understand what hes saying anyone know? luke 
I think they still got it bruce still has the AMAZING voice that he always had and everbody else has still got there talent ... i mean niko mcbrain the drummer is awsome ... he still deffently has it ....   tell me your thoughts  ... what should the album be called 
(Formelry known as Archeon)http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DnNT4v1qMIMhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iW1oFJs6jSY&feature=relatedhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uNlP0GCYC8M&feature=relatedDo you like,or Dislike?  Please explain (at least if you want Best Answer)MQ-  Are they Death Metal, Power Metal, or something else entirely?Hmmmmm.... how far into the tracks did you listen?  Personally, I think they are verry different from each other.  But hey... it's all good. 
where she sings that it is all right for a black man to be a racist, but not for a white man. Hope you get what I mean.Oh LizLizLiz, your are an absolute darling!! complete with  the lyrics. I have the song somewhere on my iPod, but was too lazy to listen to all her songs. Of course you get the best answer award. I have stopped further emails. I know where to go now if I have any further questions on music. Thanks again.LoveWenonaxxx 
1)make it a double2)Let me smoke with ya3)prisoner    I love the song prisoner. 


1)make it a double2)Let me smoke with ya3)prisoner    I love the song \"prisoner\". 
I really want that song. I've found links to it but they're all the same one which is very very soft. If anyone has the .mp3 file in a proper, loud version can they email to me at deidarakatsu@yahoo.com. i would like to download it if no one has a file. please, can you tell me where to get it in the loud version (don't say limewire, i've tried that) 

Before WWE shows start, and before adverts play and on return from advert breaks during all WWE shows in the UK, an advert for the XBOX360 game Frontlines:FUel of War airs, with a song playing. WHat is the band name and song name? 
i read in the source about all these people saying that lil wayne has a ghostwriter and that he's cracked out... i mena he has been on so many projects at once that it may be hard to believe that he's on his own but i couldn't really relate being that i don't rap. but what i do know is that kid is barred out every second of the day. i don't know anything about crack, but he's def got a pill/lean problem and it was put best by a source reader how he's setting himself up for an early burnout. 
It's Lil Wayne, Smitty, Twista, and Swizz Beatz on the chorus. 

murder music?broken h you credit the wrong artist with the wrong tune 
who did tis and how can i get it? 
What  is ur Fav Eminem song? and why?If you don't like him don't Answer!i like cleaning out  my closet, the real slim shady, and just lose it o and lose yourself 
Let's see which song is the most favourite  xD 
whot do i need? 
I'm worried about T-Pain less than Sean i dont want to sound as if i'm hating but T-Pain uses pitch corrector on nearly all of his songs and I'm not fully convinced Sean can actually sing, well to a degree that others such as Ne-Yo or Usher and the likes can. Chris Brown also uses pitch corrector sometimes 
1) Ace, Peter, Paul and Gene2) Ace, Eric (Carr), Paul and Gene3) Vinnie, Eric (Carr), Paul and Gene4) Bruce, Eric (Carr), Paul and Gene5) Bruce, Eric (Singer), Paul and Gene6) Tommy, Eric (Singer), Paul and Gene 
i heard they was coming?yeh but they made their apology.Do you not think that the homosexual is trying to force social change in jamaica? 
Anyone know the lyrics to the theme song? Bits and pieces of it have been stuck in it because I was just watching the Rescue movie. 
I'm just about to get my last song on itunes (for a month!) ..what do you think i should get?Long as it rock..metal based im not fussed =] 
I mean, don't say just this or that album, but explain why it's your favourite and why do you listen to it often. Thanx!!!!! 
I'm 22, so Pre-Perry Journey is before my time, and I was completely unaware of Rollie's time as the frontman.  I like this music more, it has more of a metal sound to it.  What do you think? 
name the song and an artist who's done it....now there are diamonds that some may long to seeand they may shine but not bright enough for meI wouldn't take no, the whole world dipped in gold.... 
Scientific areas.i.e., Cloning, genetics, nuclear tests etcit's just i'm interested in those areas, and my music is a mix of electronic and hard rock, and i feel those themes would give it the clinical-ness i want. if its been done though as a genre, not much point re-doing it. 
I'm looking for places to find sheet music for a youth choir (SATB). Things like broadway or pop music preferably, things like \"When you Believe\"Can someone help me? 
I want to know about your point of view as a real Rock 'N' Roll fan and evaluator . I have three questions about JEFF BECK :(1) Did Jeff Beck betray his own talent by focusing so much on innovation and perfection especially in his solo career instead of being an alien guitarist like Jimmy Page or Eric Clapton ??(2) For the sake of arguement , if Jeff Beck had his own band after the disbanding of JEFF BECK GROUP and this band he had included talented vocalist , bassist and drummer . What would happen then ? Will he challenge or beat Led Zeppelin or Pink Floyd ...etc. ??(3) Are you satisfied as a Rock fan with the outcome of Jeff Beck obsession with innovation and not bands . I mean do you like his shift from (Blues , Hard Rock) into (Fusion , Jazz , Virtuoso) ????? 
in a great dyllan song calld \"i shall be free\" dyllan says (reffering to a woman, (well, actually a man but never mind,  undressing): \"she took off her wheel,took off her bell'. what dose that mean?to reply please write to me to:maya.benbenishty@mail.huji.ac.il 
name the song and atleast one artist who's done it...the devil made me do it the first timethe second time I done it on my ownlord, put a handle on a simple headed man 
its dj santiago song i need the name of this song 
horniest rappers from Florida?KhiaPliesTrick Daddy2 Live CrewTrinaPretty RickyIs it something in the water?Uncle Luke was in 2 Live Crew 
Name the song and an artist who's done it...each night in dreamland we wander alongtelling love stories anewwhen from a blue sky a black cloud came rollingbreaking my 
how do i get free music onto my phone? 
ok im looking this song the refrain goes something like oh baby baby. and its mostly played on high school dances and parties where u stand in a line go right , go left and back.does anyone know the title???and its not the Cha Cha Slide...its got more beat and its a giel and a guy n the song...not dj unk's cupid shuffle... i got this melody stuck in my head but cant figure out the song. please help!!!maybe its also a cheerleader dance song, high school song.... 
help!!!!!!!I really like the song and i cant find it anywhere 
Name the song and one artist who done it...When sorrow holds you in her arms somedaysIts raindrops that fall from your eyesYour smiles like the suns come to earth for a dayYou brighten my blackest of skies 
its like a slow song & its sung by a guy. 
X Factor is starting soon. Can someone tell me what the date is? 
Afta knwing dat peeps saying dat illmatic was betta den ready 2 die cos maybe der where all nas fans...http://answers.yahoo.com/question/;_ylc=X3oDMTE1MmI4N2IyBF9TAzIxMTU1MDAxMTgEc2VjA2Fuc19ub3QEc2xrA3N1YmplY3Q-;_ylv=3?qid=20080611062518AA9KuA7i would say nas/wu tang clang/jay-z or anyone ain't the best mc/rapper from nyc it was biggie, i knw i get alot of peeps saying dat he died n got all da attention but if i said dat 2pac wasn't the best from the west-caost i would have alot of people in ma throat not that im saying he is but even when 2pac's gone n every1 says he's the best from the west why can't we say dat biggie was the best from the east coast cos even when he was alive both his albums were critically succesfull n not many could match that status, even afta his death when jay-z n nas were beefing dey both wanted da nex place for da best rapper of ny n not hard to knwing that it belonged to biggie so i would say hands down biggie was the best from lyrics to freestyling. 
The lead singer has red and blackish hair, and the song reminds me of blue october 
Name the song...and an artist who's done it....take her all my money, tell her buy some pretty clothestell my boy that daddy's so proud of him 
It was from around 1997/1998Funky House/Speed Garage kind of soundBlack American VocalistContained the Lyrics :\"She was a archangel of love, She was Music, Music\"It was basically that line repeated over and over.Not much to go on sorry, 10 pionts if anyone knows, Youtube links greatfully recieved.Your a diamond for trying, cheers. 
its quite a peaceful piano melody 
I'm a huge , huge fan of the legend RORY GALLAGHER even though I just started being one like months ago , but I'm from the Middle East and you know that Irish Culture is not under the telescope like the American . Anyways , I have three questions related to this alien :(1) What are his three must hear before dying studio albums ?(2) What is it with critics and fans alike with the (Irish Tour) album ???? I want to know why specially this (Live Album) ?(3) I want to kill myself !!!! ;(( (Why is this legend not under the telescope when it comes to real deal Rock fans in the U.S. ?? 
Its really urgent to get the lyrics as i have my stage performance & i have to prepare it soon.. hope you would help me up... 
Anyone knows where to download this duet classical guitar song?? Please tell me the site.. Thanks before!!What i wanted to download was the song, i don't care in what format it is (mp3,MIDI,etc) as long as it is playable..I already have the music sheets for this song.. Thanks before.. 
where can i find meg and dia roses lyrics with chords?i can't find it in google...help! 
What Are sOme FaMous RoCk BaNds???? Need To LisTen To neW SonGs I'm BoRed Of ThE SonGs Im Listening NoW 

She'll take you in and keep you warmLyin' in the darkIn a bed of broken heartsname atleast 2 artists who've done it... 
I go to Country Concert every year, just wanted to know if anybody else on yahoo Answers goes, or has ever gone? If you haven't you ought to, it is F***ING AWESOME!It is pretty popular, we actually have a friend from Florida that goes and a friend from Scotland! I was just wondering if people that are not from Ohio have heard about it??? 
I believe that song was also used by another person during audition week.  It is hard to describe as I don't think it has any lyrics.  Sorry to be so vague! 
I want to write parodies to well-known songs...what songs would be the best to write a parody on? 
She's the sweetest little rosebud That Texas ever knew, Her eyes are bright as diamonds, They sparkle like the dew; You may talk about your Clementine, And sing of Rosalee, Name an artist who has recorded this song.... 
I want a classical ballet song, nothing to contemparary or modern. Also nothing from the nutcracker because it's for a spring show and I want it to make you think of spring. Thanks to all who help! 
Fredereic Chopin - Etude 10 no. 3 - Tristesse 
if you hate lil wayne, because he exists, not taking his lyrical and music production talent into accountstfuI skimmed through the album at a friends house, and I liked damn near all the songs, except for lollipop, which I never heard cause its played the hell out on the radio, are you feeling the album? and if so whats your favorite song?yea the leaked song I heard sounded like shit though, its like the beats were put BACK in the studio and refinedsame deal happened to a few of lloybanks' albumstruth, saying \"i'm the best rapper alive!\" hes just trying to boost the swagger jackingwe'll see, I was listening to Nas since new york state of mind 1, so for me to listen to this new stuff, in comparison, hmmm, falling off? I dont wanna say that, we'll seeyour dick-riding top contribution has to stop, since you contribute to nothingjoin the chair force insteadno one asked you to answer 
It's the heart afraid of breakingthat never learns to danceit's dream afraid of wakin'that never takes the chanceand name atleast 2 country artists who've done it....=) 
i'am thinking of writing a few songs. but i can't think of any themes except love and friendship, i'am a teenager 13 years old and sometimes i find life difficult if that helps. pleasei need a lot of inspiration. and help this is serious if i want to start a band. 
Can you hear them calling? You know they have fallen on Campfires cold and dark that never see a spark burn bright Name an artist that has sung it... 
I love the OST of the Chinese classical movie \"Journey to the west\" but I can't find them in instrumental . Is there any instrumental album of \"Journey to the West\" OST ? 
thi song was just on xm they are planning to spend an evening together and shutting out the world. 
Broken song, empty words I know,Still live in my heart all alone.For that moonlit pass by the Alamo,and list atleast 2 artists that have done this particular one...=) 
There is a hip hop dancer named Twitch (who I LOVE by the way!!) who auditioned on So You Think You Can Dance this year to a SUPER FRESH song. Does anyone know the artist and name of that song? There was no words just an instramental beat that seemed to increase tempo as the song went on. Kind of techno-ish style.Please help!Good looking out Oye-Boriqua Dilla on adding the video link! I think that will help!! ;0)Someone help please! It's driving me CRAZY!! 
however I think I have some lyrics....You're like melody is to soundyou're dancing above the groundyou're really the best in townyou've got to keep moving, ooh, ooh, out in the nightime, ooh, ooh, look at your love shine, ooh, ooh, you're gone keep your sweet loving together, you're one in a million chances came along, keep loving together, i feel a wonderful feeling coming on so strong, alright its you, loving the way you do, alright it's youall that I want to do... I'm not sure whether these are all the right words and not sure whether they are even in the right order.... But I've loved this song for ages and would love to be able to get my hands on a copy.Thanks for reading.... 
the original but just instrumental 
really like this song and want it for ma phone. 
i need one for a punk pop song i am writing but i need a title in order to write it and i cannot think of any please help me!p.s its for my friend he's a guy (he's in a band) 

Apparently there are are whole load of bands that call themselves things like \"The Remus Lupins\" and \"The Moaning Myrtles\" and just do songs based around The Harry Potter universe.Can anyone confirm or deny this rather astounding claim? 
I keep hearing about bad piano habits that develop from being self taught.Could you please list and elaborate on these 'bad piano habits'? 

or at least it sounds like they are saying that it sounds like its a rock sound during the chours but mostly sound like a soft melody 
I heard a song in 91 that goes in the chorus:\"Baby I wonderIf u look the sameDo u have childrenWhat are there namesCuz the one with u......................\"It starts of with (something like) \"Every Day Reason I don't know whyI Pass by your house..............\"It's country male and sounds like Travis Tritt! 
So i'm going to a bon fire on the beach and i'm in charge of music, which is a big deal when your 18 and half your high school is going to be at this party. Right now i just need chill music like music by justin nozuka, colby caillat, sara bareilles, etc...You know, just contemporary music that people can chill and relax to. Your help will be greatly appreciated! 
Plz jst song about suicde thx xD 
hey guys i really need some sweet techno songs i love the basshunters so i already no evry thing by them so plzzz n thx 
Thanks... 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zHkisNZH77YKing Crimson? Court Of The Crimson Kingenlighten me, people of the United Kingdom feel free to answer 
So I\u2019ve been playing for 6 or 7 months now and I\u2019m not an exceptional player, but I do enjoy it. If the teachers asks me to play on my own and there is no one to guide me and I\u2019m supposed to keep count of the rhythm/beat of the song, and there is no other sound around, I start to hear the music in my head and then I\u2019m not counting but listening to the song in my head and then changing when the song changes. Is it like that for everybody? Why does this happen?Thank you 
i'am thinking of starting a band pretty soon and i need some advice on a some band names. please thank you. the type of music am thinking of is:Indie,Rock,Pop.please help ASAP. this band name has to have a meaning to it too. :) thnak youit will have a mixture of boys and girls. 
Which is their best album?What is their best song? 
The lyrics are \"at once when i saw you i knew, i knew that...\"its sung by a female singer.sorry i cant give more of the lyrics, but i really wanna know what the song is :)thankyou 
I'm noticing a bit of a trend on the old R & P these days. Lots of people saying that they think the Beatles are over rated. This confuses me.For those of you who think they are over rated, have you ever actually listened to a Beatles album?Or are  you basing this opinion on Hey Jude, Yesterday and Let it Be? 
and then she ends up meeting guy who dances all day. 
Both Gary Holt and Rick Hunolt seem to playing the same model of Ibanez, but I cannot locate this guitar for the life of me. 
Im going Metallica----Iron Maiden and Van Halen!< VH is my fave:) 

and why?http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1J6HXbUXbSAthis is the type of stuff he sang about, do you think it has anything to do with his death? 
Which is your favorite I like take on me and The Sun Always Shines on TVwhat else can i listen to ?thanks 
http://www.freewebs.com/sockgnome/steve.bmphttp://mikecahen.chez-alice.fr/steve%20stevens%20bkp%20gold.%20sjpg.jpghttp://i50.photobucket.com/albums/f307/felicity69caroline1/new%20scans%20by%20Rob/nuscanstevens.jpgdo you think guys like Pete Wentz, Jacoby Dakota mr papa emo himself have similar hair styles as Steve just shorter? it looks like the whole emo hair thing was based off steves old hair cut. yes I know this is a fassion/style ? but they are in music if you want to call it that so I put this here.orb READ THE WHOLE ? MORON. I said \"EMO HAIRCUT BASED OFF HIS HAIRCUTT\" 
To all you Antigone Rising fans out there, I'm just wondering which songs you would recommend that I listen to by this group?Thank you!(and yes, good answers get 10 points!) 
Here are mineLudacrisBig BoiAndre 3000 
I'm pretty sure its a rock song. The main thing in it is rising in notes with \"mm ma ma na na\". This is repeated 4 times, each time rising. No it's not the muppet thing. 
here's its chorus:Kimi to kata o kunde kimi to te o tsunaideKoibito dattari tomodachi de itai kara\"ohayou\" tte itte mata yume o miseteShizen na sono ikikata de ii kara saplease gve me an english translatin for that. i find it hard to find online trnslators thats why. :[ 
im a big rock/alternative/metal fan and i was wondering if anyone knows any good unsigned bands that have a myspace/ep that i can listen too. 
which artist is the song that has the folowing lyrics : \"i'm gonna find you\". the background is with hard guitars and the vocal is femaleit is not from sarah connorit has a gitar part and then the singer goes i am gonna find you then the guitar again 
It goes 'At once when i saw you i knew that i had to adore you; etcetc... 


Tupac songs about, backstabbers and suicide?? i am doing a mix thx:DD: 
Please help!if anyone is a busta bus fan you'll no what i meanin the intro to gimme some mo' theres the guy tellin the chick in a club how much credit he's got and all thatbut in the background theres a busta track playinanyone know what song that is? 
I need new material, for I'm bored to the same old Three Days Grace, Hoobastank, and Disturbed thing. Can some1 tell me a good band they like listening to that u think I mite? Ty! 
I know many Indian music sites but some songs are available on one site and some songs on other. Some sites allow you to download and some don't .It becomes a problem to search and download bollywood and other songs.. ANY EASY WAY OUT TO SEARCH ? 
\"Pom pom Now ladies and gentlemen Is with great pleasure I know a quality That we start this one Once again So come all you Pom pom\"If it's from missy E, I would have known. =)Thanks for trying anyway. 
i met a guy and he is claiming to be the old monoxide so i am seeing if anyone knows any general information on monoxide i know now that monoxide child is paul but i cant find anything about before him if anyone knows anything about this let me know 
or must have albums?, please post a linksome more songs like watershed? do they have anything more upbeat? 
you know the pale guy with black make-up around his mouth etc. ? well can you help me figure out what band his from?http://youtube.com/watch?v=gB6CGfncImQ 
hey, just interested if anyone knows what was gonna be the original name to the, our lawyer made us change the name of this song so we wouldn't get sued, song if there was another name or if that is in fact the original name. any help would be great 
Saki kaketa hana ga hajirai tsutsu kaze ni yureteHizashi no egaku ibuki wo mabuta no ura ni sotto kanjita yoKatachi kae nagara chigirete yuku kumo no nagareAshita mo kawaranai mono bokura wa itsuka mitsukerareru ka naMou sugu risou ni oitsukesouNijinda shinkirou sono mukou todoku yoOozora sugu soba sou hitonigiri no yume no kakeraSugu soko made kiteru dakara hashiradasu yo imaFly dokomademo hateshinai sora ni kakugo wo azuketa naraKakedashite yuku dake sa donna toki moYes kyoukasho ni kakareteru you na yakusoku nara gomen saSorezore no FRAME mitsuketaraMunasawagi kakitateru you na mirai e habatakouJibun nari no basho mada miezuni hoo wo tsuneruHito eki orite hashitta konna ni kyori ga tooku datta no ka naJosou suru kedo mada mada monotarinaiOikaze mada mada sukunai yoake maeItsu datte yume nante tada ichido kiri no shunkan shikaCHANCE ga nai no nara ima sugu tamesu shikanai Woh...Try itsumademo tsumaranai kako ni kokoro wo mukecha dame saMe no mae no kagiri nai michi wo mirebaYes mukai kaze fukanakucha tori wa hiroi sora wo tobenaiTROUBLE wa tsune ni teki ja naiORIGINAL na jibun dake no asu wo kirihirakouFly dokomademoTry itsumademoFly dokomademo hateshinai sora ni kakugo wo azuketa naraKakedashite yuku dake sa donna toki moYes kyoukasho ni kakareteru you na yakusoku nara gomen saSorezore no FRAME mitsuketaraHatenaku hirogaru FIELD ni kiseki wo egakou 

Can anybody me tell me who sang a track that started with\"When She told me she was going to have a baby\"It goes something like this in the chorus\"And for the first time in my life I felt a wave of love so deepAs I listened to the new born 's heartbeat\"I first heard it i 91-It's sung by a white male and has a lot of impassioned notes on it; it sounds like a country/rock song! 
I just want to ask if you like Avril Lavgene, her attidute and singing. Mostly singing.Personally, i LOVE her singing.I don't know anything much about her else .Can you provide a reason why you hate or like her? 
i dont remember any of the lyrics. only thing i can do is tell u about the music video. the music video showed a guy about to jump from a building (hes not facing the ground, hes facing the other way). then he jumps off the building... but at the end everything the video sorta rewinds and the guy comes up in slow motion just the way he fell down. i guess the music genre is rock/metal. u know the type of song by disturbed, papa roach and all. 
Does anyone know the artist and or title of the song played a few minutes after the first part started. The scene where the two girls first met, and were breaking beer bottles by the wall, sounded 80sh. 
I'm having trouble finding info on this question for a music assignment. What was going on at that time etc.? 
Ok so the lyrics go,Do the D.A.N.C.E 1234, fight! Stick to the B.E.A.T Get ready to ignite You were such a P.Y.T Catching all the lights Just easy as A.B.C That's how we make it right Lol,It just got me thinking,Whats a P.Y.T?Lol,:] 
Hi i am looking for an answer to a question about music i need to work out what the title of the song may be from the scenario given so here goes:Paparazzi standing outside a curry restraunt waiting to get a photo of a girl and the pap says here she goes wearing that black strappy number (i.e black dress) and she has just had her ruby (slang for curry) and when she is walking towards the car all the paps are shouting look here look here whilst taking lots of pictures of her and the flashes of their cameras going off, after that the lady who is in her car who must be her agent or something shouts 'hey you hey you come on get in' then she goes into the car and the car speeds off.now there is clues to this question and i have listed them below:Try to work out who she is in all of this....and....She kind of gives you part of the title of the song in what she says (the lady in the car).Also the biggest clue they gave is think Tara, Tamara and Paris. 
If so what was your favourite song of his and why? Mine is \"Lets stick together\" as it somes up love for me. 
pls can any one tell me where can i download azeem o shan remix mp3? Plzzzzzzzzzz 
you know the pale guy with black make-up around his mouth etc. ? well can you help me figure out what band his from?http://youtube.com/watch?v=gB6CGfncImQhis on this show called \"Singing with the Enemy\" were they put 2 totally different bands (like pop and metal) in one house and they have to record a album. Movie title says \"K-tron and Exploding Triangles\" but i dont think his in that band at all:http://profile.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=user.viewprofile&friendid=171485746 
Ok so I downloaded Shake your bon bon by Ricky Martin off Limewire and got 2.20 into the song and there is a frickin creepy scream, like Love Rollercoaster by The Ohio Players, but I didnt think he would be the type of person to pull off a publicity stunt like that.http://boomp3.com/listen/by2fpkctc_b/ricky-martin-shake-your-bon-bonI've uploaded it here, its a good bit into the song, where the mad bongo drums start.Check it out and let me know what you think?? 
Ok so I downloaded Shake your bon bon by Ricky Martin off Limewire and got 2.20 into the song and there is a frickin creepy scream, like Love Rollercoaster by The Ohio Players, but I didnt think he would be the type of person to pull off a publicity stunt like that.http://boomp3.com/listen/by2fpkctc_b/ricky-martin-shake-your-bon-bonI've uploaded it here, its a good bit into the song, where the mad bongo drums start.Check it out and let me know what you think?? 
Ok so I downloaded Shake your bon bon by Ricky Martin off Limewire and got 2.20 into the song and there is a frickin creepy scream, like Love Rollercoaster by The Ohio Players, but I didnt think he would be the type of person to pull off a publicity stunt like that.http://boomp3.com/listen/by2fpkctc_b/ricky-martin-shake-your-bon-bonI've uploaded it here, its a good bit into the song, where the mad bongo drums start.Check it out and let me know what you think?? 
Ok so I downloaded Shake your bon bon by Ricky Martin off Limewire and got 2.20 into the song and there is a frickin creepy scream, like Love Rollercoaster by The Ohio Players, but I didnt think he would be the type of person to pull off a publicity stunt like that.http://boomp3.com/listen/by2fpkctc_b/ricky-martin-shake-your-bon-bonI've uploaded it here, its a good bit into the song, where the mad bongo drums start.Check it out and let me know what you think?? 
Ok so I downloaded Shake your bon bon by Ricky Martin off Limewire and got 2.20 into the song and there is a frickin creepy scream, like Love Rollercoaster by The Ohio Players, but I didnt think he would be the type of person to pull off a publicity stunt like that.http://boomp3.com/listen/by2fpkctc_b/ricky-martin-shake-your-bon-bonI've uploaded it here, its a good bit into the song, where the mad bongo drums start.Check it out and let me know what you think?? 
Ok so I downloaded Shake your bon bon by Ricky Martin off Limewire and got 2.20 into the song and there is a frickin creepy scream, like Love Rollercoaster by The Ohio Players, but I didnt think he would be the type of person to pull off a publicity stunt like that.http://boomp3.com/listen/by2fpkctc_b/ricky-martin-shake-your-bon-bonI've uploaded it here, its a good bit into the song, where the mad bongo drums start.Check it out and let me know what you think?? 
Ok so I downloaded Shake your bon bon by Ricky Martin off Limewire and got 2.20 into the song and there is a frickin creepy scream, like Love Rollercoaster by The Ohio Players, but I didnt think he would be the type of person to pull off a publicity stunt like that.http://boomp3.com/listen/by2fpkctc_b/ricky-martin-shake-your-bon-bonI've uploaded it here, its a good bit into the song, where the mad bongo drums start.Check it out and let me know what you think?? 
Ok so I downloaded Shake your bon bon by Ricky Martin off Limewire and got 2.20 into the song and there is a frickin creepy scream, like Love Rollercoaster by The Ohio Players, but I didnt think he would be the type of person to pull off a publicity stunt like that.http://boomp3.com/listen/by2fpkctc_b/ricky-martin-shake-your-bon-bonI've uploaded it here, its a good bit into the song, where the mad bongo drums start.Check it out and let me know what you think?? 
It begins with 'Blue skies, they're smiling at me...' I know it's a cover of the original, but I want to know who sings this version.Thanks 

Bands like Spin Doctors, Hootie & the blowfish I wanna relive those days. 
PLEASE COMMENT ON YOUTUBE IF U CANYes its me playing the guitarhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_NQ2FPXDwM 

If our love was a fairy taleI would charge in and rescue uOn a yacht baby we would sailTo an island where we'd say I doAnd if we had babies they would look like uIt'd be so beautiful if that came trueYou don't even know how very special you areYou leave me breathlessYou're everything good in my lifeYou leave me breathlessI still can't believe that you're mineYou just walked out of one of my dreamsSo beautiful you're leaving meBreathlessAnd if our love was a story bookWe would meet on the very first pageThe last chapter would be aboutHow I'm thankful for the life we've madeAnd if we had babies they would have your eyesI would fall deeper watching you give lifeYou don't even know how very special you areYou must have been sent from heaven to earth to change meYou're like an angelThe thing that I feel is stronger than love believe meYou're something specialI only hope that I'll one day deserve what you've given meBut all I can do is tryEvery day of my life 
Im hoping to release a hip hop mixtape and want to buy bulk supplies e.g slim jewel cases, blank cds and lining for the cover. Any idea where i can find a site dedicated to that? preferably Australia based but any where is cool. Thanks 
im looking for a punjabi song by Sukshider shindait goes ' soniye ni tu na jaan di punjabian nu, addhat barrhi ohna di nachan, nachaan nu te   backhre balaan nu...' if ny one can giv me a link or da name, datd b awesome 
they are just dancing like mad crazily if you do it would be greatly appreciated to know thanks alot 
what are some good hip hop songs i can use? 
Courtney Love still has the ownership of all of the Cobain estate so I was wondering if theres still Nirvana songs that havn't been released yet?? They've already released the box set that was supposed to be all of the songs on it not released and demo tapes and then the best of the box set that had yet another new song and then the greatest hits that had another new song on it so is there anymore?? anyone REALLY know? 
Is this the song that always seems to get people cheered up? 
I am a student filmmaker and I plan to have someone play one of Fernando Sor's pieces on a guitar. I was wondering if there is any copyright issue. Or is it free license, or whatever the term is... Can I just have it in the movie, or is there someone I should ask permission? If this is useful, I am from Romania, which is in the European Union. Thanks a lot. 
I could play Stairway To Heaven when I was 12.  Jimmy Page didn't write it til he was 22.  I think that says a lot......I'm terribly sorry that you musical genii can't take a joke 
-CHURA LIYA (R.D. BURMAN)-NEELE-NEELE AMBAR SE (KISHORE KUMAR)-CHEHRA HAI YA CHAND KHILA HAI (SAGAR)-BAS IK SANAM CHAHIYE AASHIQUI KE LIYE (AASHIQUI)-TUM ITNA JO MUSKARA RAHE HO (JAGJIT SINGH)-JADOO TERI NAZAR (DARR)-DAM MARO DUM (R.D. BURMAN)-PAPA KEHTE HAI BADA NAAM KAREGA (AAMIR KHAN)-CHAND MERA DIL (HUM KISI SE KAM NAHI,R.D.BURMAN)-KARZ (RISHI KAPOOR, TUNE, LAXMIKANT PYARELAL)www.guitarmonk.com-- the concept of music 
\"two steps im not done yet?? three steps... jesus christ!!\" it's an alternative song way back 2006... kindly please help me im dying to hear that song once again... 
.Concerning Solid-Body Electric Guitars --If you have 2 different Brands or Makes - and they have the same Pick-ups and the Tone & Volume are set the same --Is it still Possible to receive a different \"sound\" ?ALSO - PLEASE see if you can answer these other Two Q/A'sIf you \"Don't Know\" - It is okay to Answer, \"Don't Know\"Q/A = Steve Howe's ES-175D?http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AncmQ88qvZ3F5.92zQd_b6_sy6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20080610100809AAdUVA9Q/A = Steve Howe & The Live Performance of CLOSE TO THE EDGE?http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AoEW2_rr1zISZsDW0lxyGR3sy6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20080610101721AAFDSwoThanks so much :)..Bless you- Knights of the Electric Axe !!. 
the only line is no coool air. 
its about a guy i like 
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa 
WEll.....cheers in the music....like u just copy the tone but change the lyrics......It's our group work..Please....we don't have a group name yet....just cheers 
It goes something like toge-therrr....here in my heart/armsIts pretty upbeat and loud. Sorry that theyre the only words I can remember. Plz help coz I need it for a dance recital! Thanks. 
I am going to a huge concert next month and there will be a total of 15 bands there. I only know a handful. This is my first concert. I pretty much figured out that when one of the bands that I know is on stage than I dance and jump around and scream. Right? But what the heck do I do when one of those other bands get on stage? I don't know them or their music, so do I just stand still? I mean won't that look stupid.I am currently downloading songs from the other bands and listening to them but I not liking many of them. Someone please help me I am going with 2 of my bestest friends and I don't want to be a complete idiot or make a fool out of myself. This means a lot to me. 
The Wallflowershis Solo work - I think I heard someting about a new acoustic solo record.I dont really care too much for ether, I mean they are both great for their genres. but I just want to hear from others. I did however really like that song \"One Headlight\" 
please tell me tnx 
i find palm muting pretty easy but string muting is hard...any suggestions? and how you do it? 
hmm my personal opinion would be either 1967 or 1969. share your thoughts. 
For example, between verse 3 & 4 of Amazing Grace the key changes from say C major to D major 
naaah   naah nah     nah naah   naah nah  nah naah   nah nah      nah naah nah nah Couple times it sounds like 7+ people singing the same thing is sort of harmony. But usually sung by a man with a maybe scratchy voice.Sorry but this is all i can rememberOh yeah its old but not really oldThe guy says somethign like \"Come on your turn now\" or \"Come on Sing it with me\"before every time you hear the chorus which is the nah naah bitsorry guys but none of those help 
Please tell me what's the name of the song starting at 00:15!http://tw.youtube.com/watch?v=PvyDFpTQrNwThank you in advance!How about any other song at 5:32 (for cat walk)? It sounds like a rock song. 
Is there at last 3-4 minute version of What a Wonderful World by Armstrong or it is just a plain 2:21 minute song?? 
k so the song by pitbull the anthem .. who was it sung by b4 him .. coz i know his is a remix .. im hearing it everywhere its the one with the girl in it i dont have a clue what she is saying tho lol  but dont know what its called i only know pitbulls one can any 1 help ? 
There was a song that came out late 90's/early 00's and i've been going crazy tryin to think of it.I'm sure it was by a man and a woman and one of them had like a robotic sort of voice, and the only lyric i can remember is her signing 'down in L.A', i think the guy may have rapped a little.sorry there's not much to go off, but any help is appreciated.thanks in advance 

http://www.imeem.com/ginshi/music/IaAhZPnD/kokia_chouwa_oto_with_reflection/I'm in love with this song, and want more like it!!! =DThank you thank you in advance!!! 
I'm dying to get the lyrics but they're not anywhere!Does anyone have them??? 
There was guys on quad bikes in the video, and i think it was a one hit wonder. 
I am looking for these songs:-Nobody's perfect & Rockstar - Hannah Montana-Jump to the rhythm and Push it to the limit - Jump in!,-Mulan and Mulan 2,-Codename Kids Next Door Op. Zero theme song,-Monster Buster club theme song.I wish some body can find those songs. Even just one of those song. I'm begging you. I was looking for it in all web, but I can't find it. Please find it for me... 
It was heavy electric guitar and it was in the beginning and the end of the game with the gothic kids.Pico Game - NewGround.comhttp://www.newgrounds.com/pico/pico.html 
I am looking for these songs:-Nobody's perfect & Rockstar - Hannah Montana-Jump to the rhythm and Push it to the limit - Jump in!,-Mulan and Mulan 2,-Codename Kids Next Door Op. Zero theme song,-Monster Buster club theme song.I wish some body can find those songs. Even just one of those song. I'm begging you. I was looking for it in all web, but I can't find it. Please find it for me... 
i have heard of the term and i get the feeling that it is the analyzation of music compositions and its composer and its motif.If im correct, can anyone give me a site which have this kind of informations? 
I need so new songs to put on my ipod i like country musicand anything new 
\" We Must Have been Out of Our Minds \" on www.youtube.comabsolute classic... 
i need to get ahold of a singer or his manager for free, and as quickly as possible. 

The words say..Mississippi lost it`s Blue Yodler, when.......What ? 

Is there such a country song 

1)make it a double2)Let me smoke with ya3)prisoner    I love the song \"prisoner\". 
it has nice lyrics with avril's cool vocals 
i'm not sure what songs are appropriate or not. 

it HAS to be free... the violin and cello part only please! 
http://www.searchoptima.com/Kuch_kuch_hota_hai.song 
from the cartoon movie \"rescuers\" of Disney 
I've seen it called a Christmas song, but I don't notice any distinct yuletide elements in the lyrics. 
What are some good workout songs? Here's an ex of some of my fav workout songs to give you an idea of what I like to workout to.Numb/encore - jay z/linkin parkStronger - Kanye WestI got it from my mama- will.i.amI like this stuff when I workout but any other time, it's mostly rock so I don't know a lot of new popular songs. A little help? 
I believe the worst offender is Sean Combs' (I'm going to call him this to avoid confusion lol) 2006 album Press Play. The album cover:http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/1/15/Diddy_-_Press_Play.jpg...has a cool, sinister science fiction edge. But the album itself is dull. Solid production on poor songs. 
But not from youtube from an actual download or something, because when i try to convert it from youtube its never as good in sound, so yeah, does anyone have it from cd they could send me via link, many thanks! 
it has a remix of basshunter - now you're gone, Cascada - miracle and Booty Luv - sum kinda rush all on the same cd, it has 2 cds.wil b grateful for any helpxxxx 
i feel these type of bands are quite boring and have no real melody..... i was just wondering if anyone else dislikes them? and why?and i dont care if u do like them, this is a question for ppl who dislike them!hhaha no brandon i listen to classic rock that is listenable! 
I play violin and piano and i can play any music by hearing it but i do not know how to write and read sheet music and i do not know about music theoryI want to master the rules governing classical music it's theory,notation and so onI want to master the theory part so that i can start writing musicWhere can I find free books concerning music theory on the internet which would help me to accomplish to understand the theory part 
it has a girl in it he does hes thing then she sings ill see you again i was so proud or something like that? anyone know? thanks luke 
and do they still influence your style? 
Hi, im just trying to find out the song on the New fox 8 trailer for smallville. its like * say that i want you then say that i need you*anyone know it? thanks 
I couldnt find the answer on Wiklepedia or their website or anywhere. 
u can name a few songs by them.lol 
The voices almost sounds robotized with man and woman singing and backgrounds voices as well. It sounds like it could have been in 16 candles (but its not!) 

i looking for more songs that have the same message i Trey Songz-i cant help but wait10 points best answer 
all i know is that its a realllyyy sexual song lolidk the artist, but the song title i believe is \"blindfold\"its NOT the one by kelisbut the name i remember being really average like \"rachel\" or \"natalie\"help!! if you dont know, can you tell me any good websites for finding songs? thankyou!!all i know is that its a realllyyy sexual song lolidk the artist, but the song title i believe is \"blindfold\"its NOT the one by kelisbut the name i remember being really average like \"rachel\" or \"natalie\"its a girl singer, and i THINK some of the lyrics are like \"tie me to the bed....something something blindfoldits not a very popular artistahh help!! if you dont know, can you tell me any good websites for finding songs? thankyou!! 
It sounds like ' take my picture' repeatedly, The girl jumping and dancing around the streets and shops throws her hand in the air as she dances... shes wearing jeans in the video. Please help as I really wanna know what the song is! I love it x 

Loving it...could listen all day. 
its on the jamie oliver showdoes anyone no the song title and artist of it?xxx 
I have just heard that Coldplay are to 'beam' their latest album into space.  Yes, that's right, their new album is to be played on Friday and beamed through space.  What is the point of this?  Apart from obviously boosting awareness of Coldplay through the alien community.  Will this boost record sales for them and is this cheating in the charts if the album is not bought on Earth??When is this man going to be sectioned?  Naming his child Apple and now playing an album through space 
I have Beat It by Fall Out Boy on just now...q the air guitar!!! 
? 
'' im thankful for the weekend but 2 days in  heaven just aint gonna due.'' girl i just got started lovin you... 
yeh well they are like techno/screamo nd they are AWESOME!!i was wondering if any1 out there knew if they had any albums or were releasing any? i downloaded sum of there songs but they are dodgy quiality nd i wuld like to support em =]thx! 
lately new artists have been modernizing music from the past. since i'm not nearly old enough to identify this type of music i need help. this entire album is very cliche[if i'm using this word correctly], even the lyrics are. so i'm gonna give you a link to where you can listen to the song that i feel is the most representational of the style of music i'm  talking about..http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LkgbNpdR4HQi think the first part of the song is going to be most helpful compared to the rest of it. like i said i'm way to young to know about this period in time. but it gives me that 'original new york city gangster from back in the day' kind of idea. 


i've listened to david morales and hed kandi, and i like them both. which song/ album should i get? 
Does anyone know who sings what parts in the song ( lyrics )?EXAMPLE: Joe: ..............................................Nick:...................................... 
What does PVG mean in relations to music ? 
what is the best way to put my rap together with beats (or the background music). I have tried numerous numbers of time to do this but it always sounds unreal. Basicly i record the lyrics first, then i google free rap beats, and i get good results, i download the beats and just like layer them together, my rap plays, the background music plays, but it doesnt go together, it sounds like shit and fake, how can i make it sound good and blend them together?any programs or tutorials? 

Ok when i was like in 6th grade i had this boyfriend who bought me my first cd and it was a male group and it was a kinda love song that we swore was our song. the group was not boys 2 men, new edition, jodecy, all 4 one though i guess you could say they sounded like it, i never really heard of them after this song. can anyone help it was like in 98-99 era they were all african american. it was also not jagged edge, toni toni tone, or blckstreet and i sadly cannot remember the name of the song or the band 
I saw the show in Maui (loved it) and wanted to listen to the music either online or download. Anyone know where I might find it? 

For me....it's \"L'Amour\" by Carla Bruni.http://youtube.com/watch?v=flmoa2dVOSUI'm making a playlist for my boyfriend, so I'd love to gather some more ideas. Guys can answer too......... Merci : ) 
what are some slow rap songs i can just chill out to?i dont want any of that hard core rapjust some nice slow onesa list would help : ) thanks 
1. Clean vocals or growled/screamed vocals?2. Clean solos or brutal grinds?3. Vocals, bass, guitars, or percussion?4. Do you like rap?5. Iron Maiden or Motorhead?6. Do you watch MTV?7. Death or Melodeath?8. Your fave guitarist?9. Headphones or speakers?10. Metallica is THRASH or TRASH? 
i want to no this becasue i like them i dont no what MC means thank you for your help 1st one to post will be the best awser thx 
He sounds like any other guitarist if you ask me. 

i saw bon jovi perform on a scottish programme this am and richie sambora wasn't there, it was someone else, and i would like to know if he is on this tour in Scotland HOPEFULLY!!!! 
I was in a store and I heard a song I really liked. The lyrics were like, \"Im free to be me, your wrong and im strong\"it was a female voice and it kind of sounded like Kelly Clarkson.anyone know? 
whats a american music website?a top 40 web site that tell you all the top songs?:) thankswill b goin 10 points for the best anser 

DON'T LET ME BE THE LAST TO KNOW......oh love dont let me be the last to know if it true then tell me so, don't let me be the last to know.... 
how do i soundhttp://youtube.com/watch?v=RepBTiFnCrg 
I'm a student in University studying Spanish and I'm doing a conversation class project. The theme is an argument by two backpackers who have gone all through South America and they have an argument because one of them has all his things and the other one has discovered that almost everything he has has gradually disappeared...I had this really odd idea this morning that it might be fun to do this as a 'musical' and I realized it would be a lot of work... We've only got two or three days to work on this, but I thought it might be fun to do a voice over for Bohemian Rhapsody which has a pretty good variety of paces for a good ripping argument... Question is, where could I find a good quality version of the song that isn't a \"Karaoke Toy Electric Piano\" version but that also doesn't have any vocals... I want control over the pausing which may not match the original and I don't want to pause and have Freddie singing away...Thanks...Incidentally, I am open to 'download' options since this is an educational project and I am relatively sure that this is covered by 'fair use' (and I'm not even in America anyhow).I'd check the torrents but I don't really know where to start... Should I be looking at Karaoke versions? Are there Karaoke versions that feature higher quality than others?What would I look for?yeah, I saw that link too... it's actually a broken link... #1 on the list from google. yay.http://www.karaoke-version.com/en/mp3-backingtrack/queen/bohemian-rhapsody.htmlfeatures a nice example of what I am not looking for... this one even has TWO toy electric pianos. woo. 
I have the tightest lyrics out of my friends and familyand rap style but my voice is too deep and loudand slow it doesn't match with my lyrics how do Ichange it up can I go to a signing class or other? 
And who do you like better, overall? 
I just saw the video clip, and it shows all this violence between civilians i guess and the police? Seemed like a love song to me through the lyrics:'All the subtle flavors of my lifeare become bitter seedsand poisoned leaveswithout you'So I take that the other girl in the red is the one he loves. So what's with her smashing the glass and that? People dancing around and the police? I getting mixed intepretations.. Any help?Oh and what does this mean?'I am the left eyeyou're the rightWould it not be madness to fightWe come one'10 points for best answer. Any help would be very much appreciated. Thanks in advance.Link is here if you like to watch:http://www.blastro.com/player/sonybmgfaithlesswecome1.html?detect_mediatype=flv&detect_bitrate=_300 
it goes:i'll be who i want to be, and i'll see who i want to see i won't change for nobody..i'll do what i want to do, screw you if you don't like it too. i won't take answers from nobody.female singer.... HELP!!?? 
I just saw the video clip, and it shows all this violence between civilians i guess and the police? Seemed like a love song to me through the lyrics:'All the subtle flavors of my lifeare become bitter seedsand poisoned leaveswithout you'So I take that the other girl in the red is the one he loves. So what's with her smashing the glass and that? People dancing around and the police? I getting mixed intepretations.. Any help?Oh and what does this mean?'I am the left eyeyou're the rightWould it not be madness to fightWe come one'10 points for best answer. Any help would be very much appreciated. Thanks in advance.Link is here if you like to watch:http://www.blastro.com/player/sonybmgfaithlesswecome1.html?detect_mediatype=flv&detect_bitrate=_300 
I'm looking for a techno song I heard recently, don't know all the lyrics but some of the lines are:\"There's a shadow, deep in your heart\"and\"Come, let's choose a lie...\"Name of song would be good :D Artist as well would be fantastic. Thanks 
DON'T LET ME BE THE LAST KNOW....oh love dont let me be the last to know, if it is true then tell me so, dont let me be the last know... 
I USED TO GO TO TINMANHASIT.COM. THE SITE WAS THE BEST. IT ALWAYS UPDATED THE NEW RNB SONGS. BUT NOW THEY CLOSED IT DOWN  =( 
http://youtube.com/watch?v=MDYHaAlpfrQ 
Who are these guys?  do they go under different names? one for the househeads i feel........! 
Sounds like Busy signal or Vybz Kartel on Auto Tune. Fairly recent. Kinda slow and laid back. Wicked Tune! Please help! 
Ok when i was like in 6th grade i had this boyfriend who bought me my first cd and it was a male group and it was a kinda love song that we swore was our song. the group was not boys 2 men, new edition, jodecy, all 4 one though i guess you could say they sounded like it, i never really heard of them after this song.  can anyone helpi beleive it was like maybe 3 or 4 african-american  males and it was also not jagged edge, toni toni tone,or blackstreetsadly i also dont know the name of the song, i have been looking for it all dayok i am 21 now so it was like in 98-99 
i just learned playing favorites by the starting line and i would like to learn something kinda like that. i dont listen to much acoustic music so i dont know of very much. so please any suggestions would be cool . 
Sounds like Busy signal or Vybz Kartel on Auto Tune. Fairly recent. Kinda slow and laid back. Wicked Tune! Please help! 
The one with Lars Burmeister as the model and the giant wave crashing! cant find it anywhere :( thanks!I want that song bad. it sounds nice :) 
Who thinks madonna is trying to be like the person she was in this video?http://www.spike.com/video/madonna-bo-selecta/2776109?cid=YSSPor this one?http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eP0uT1PRsNw 
I have never restrung a guitar before and was wondering what type of strings i needed for my guitar, which is, as mentioned before, a Yamaha G-50A Acoustic Guitar 
i tried many sites like cool toad,limewire,ect.. bt couldn find.. plz help me to get it... 

everyone answer thanks ^_^ 
I'm looking for modern pop albums, and Bjork is really unsafe for me presently....Does anyone knows any others wich is aviable on file sharing systems? 
?  This album includes the music of two famous songs (summer nights and goodbye my love goodbye) ?? 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YT8QQI0MnOw&feature=relatedThree 6 Mafia - Touched Wit ItIm going to war soon. 
hopefully for free but will pay if I have to, the song is  Next Life by Carmen Rizzo (featuring Thomas Hanreich)I looked in Limewire they do not have this song is there another place to look? 
its sickk bruzz :) 
I recently saw a video of a band from Australia or New Zealand (or an island close by there). The song was kind of fusion / jazz / pop.The lead male singer was a good looking island type guy. He was brown / dark skinned with chisled features. I believe he might be Maori. He's good looking enough to be a model. He was wearing a kind of black wool skull cap. I think he wears them in a couple of their videos. I believe this was a fairly new song / video. The video is also on youtube somewhere.Anyone know the name of the band? 
This is not a very good recording. its hard to understand, and the girl playing the guitar played the wrong cord a few times, but hey! :) tell me what you think. I wrote it in about 4 days!thanks much for your feedback!http://myspacetv.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=vids.individual&videoid=11499701 
The ad is of a little girl who is happily swing on a swing and a little boy who pushes her off but comes back and offers her a tissue as a sign of remorse and they walk off holding hands. What would be a gud song to apply to the clip? 
please please email me if u have it          my id is ybts.mrudula@yahoo.com   i really want it 
I have found Alicia Keys' 'Karma' karaoke version, but I really, REALLY need the Reggaeton Remix karaoke version, or instrumental version.....would anyone know where to find it??I've searched any and every musical search engine.....uhm, yahoo music, Itunes, Morpheus (?).....I even looked on Karaoke Websites....Would anyone know where to look for a song like this?Alicia Key's Karma (Reggaeton remix) Instrumental/karaoke version 
I need this information for an essay due tomorrow. Just thought it would be a good additional fact to add in =) 
wtf is it? 
who sings this song?http://www.youtube.com/v/Kv2Rx8yvs0o 
iam trying to find the name of a country-christian trio band that had a few hit songs in the early 2000s,it had 2 guys and a girl,the girl played the violin,all the members of the group are in their late twentys i think 
The song is Maryland Twisters F5 Jump music at the Cheerleading WorldsLYRICS:The Category is Maryland Twisters F5, let me know you anit no real life no to motion your clothes and there aint no time for you to go home walk show skank hoe judges your scores tens tens tens tens tens, tens across the board.PLEASE IF YOU KNOW THAT SONG IM TALKING ABOUT TELL ME THE NAME OF IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.. 

ok the video is gonna be just pics and videos of me and my buddies through the years in highschool. i need a song such as rap or hip hop that talks about homies for life and all that. any suggestions would be helpfull. 
at the end of Trey Songz video I Can't Help But Waitit said To Be Continuedwhere is part 2 i want to watch it on youtube.com 
somebody help me.... why to many jason mraz i'm yours and there  4 min, 6min ? which one??? 
i heard it somewhere want to know artist , band and song title 
i want mp3 song shadow by house of voodo feat emily jeff and the lyrics,please repy soon for anyone who have this file.thank u s o much... 
Heres the link:http://www.partypatrol.nl/index.php?play_video=797I know its not Tiesto... 
? 
I see where one person can practice one instrument at a time, but I don't see an option for full band practice with no failing.  If there is no option for this there should be!! 
what are some good reggae bands or ska bands or reggae/ska or ska/reggae or wateverlike reel big fish?? 
If you know a website or can e-mail it to me please either answer or email me; joshua.2882@hotmail.com 
thanks xx 
what is the procedure to start singing your own song?mainly a vocalee and i also know how to composed my own music. 
what music should i use in a movie to promote surrogacy?? like teardrops by massive attack love songs i duno nice songs that go with motherhood??? thanxs to all who answer!!! :)) 
Im trying to make a cd for my boyfriend. He only likes Punk music, and only bands that kinda have the same voice and instrumental as Blink 182, The Offspring, Milencollin, Sum 41 etc. I've looked to see if I could find any \"Love Songs\" by those bands, but I cant find any, so I was wondering if there were other bands that sound similar to those bands. I don't listen to Punk music, Just Rock and Metal.. so I wouldn't exactly know where to start.. Haha.Thanks pplxox 
i am looking for sad songs now NO EMO SONGSi want songs like shanai twain: you're still the oneeve 6: here's to the nightpearl jam: last kissthanks mates 
What is the african choir in the background of the \"circle of life\" - lion king version??to see your self and help me sove this question here is a link below so you can try to discover who the african choir is on the background of the song. Please Click Below To See Video:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vX07j9SDFccThank You!!Tyler :) 
Sort of like \"This Desert Life\" by Counting Crows, like the Raconteurs, Vampire Weekend, Jason Webley, Eliot Morris.. etc.As well as some slower stuff like Kings of Convenience, Ferraby Lionheart, Grand Archives and the like. So... I'm just really bored. But, I'm always on the look out for some new music and any suggestions would be greatly appreciated. 
Preferably their style is kinda \"power metal-esque\" or \"melodeath metal-esque\" or \"symphonic metal\".No metalcore and nu-metal please.Thanks in advance!!coldenhas - I knew what you mean. Metal music has a wide variety of lyrical themes including drugs, death, etc.I just wrote \"Satanic\" because it's opposite to \"Christian\" i.e. what I am looking for in this question. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gytVzgn2FBw&feature=related 
i'm making a netball warm up cd.. and need some help 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DC2f0Rg4-KUIt might not be real but if it is what do it mean.It will also help if you could leave a site where someone can translate it 
Do you know any pop rock singers such as:Avril LavigneThe VeronicasSkye SweetnamMiley CyrusKelly ClarksonFlyleafetc lolThe purpose of this question is to find some other similar artists that I can listen to. 
Bought this album when I was a kid long ago the lyrics of the song start with \"On a Christmas cake day one ........ in a book shop in Charring Cross Road\".... would love to know if I can get this album on CD. Thanks for any help or comment. 
how can i make one or where can i buy a cheap one. i'm willing to buy secondhands. I'm from the phillippines 

i think both are gorgeous! and love their music! 
I want to write music but want a simulator to play it. I have a program but it only have some western instruments. I want a simulator to also play Japanese and Chinese instruments. Can you suggest a simulator please, thanks.Instruments needed as now but most likely need more in future.KotoShamisenShakuhachiBiwaHocchikuOkawaKagurabuErhuSanxianPipaYueqinGuzhengSuonaShengXiaoDiziPS I must buy in local store or download from online free. I cannot buy online. I don't have a credit card, cheque or paypal. 

If the promise of a good ratio and tons of appreciation isn't enough, I've got IT invites to trade, and I'd also be down to send you some stuff you might be looking for with pando.  Cheers 
what can you tell me about a Kalaleng instrument??? i'm asking now because my home room adviser just asked me! 
I'm burning a CD for my gf and I need some suggestions thanks!She likes r & b alot, mostly love songs and those strong women anthem songs an artist and song title would be great 
What are your views on this mixtape and album coming out? If you havent heard the song \"N.....\", check it out. http://smokingsection.rawkus.com/TSS/?p=4861Do you think this album is going to make the impact Nas is trying for? I listened to the Mixtape. Lyrically, Nas is killin' it; and Politically, he  says some sh*t.That's what I'm sayin... But What I'm asking is: What Are YOUR Views on this Album and MixTape?Heres the site to BUY the mixtapehttps://mixtapehype.com/product.asp?id=4792 

anyone kno the name/artist of a song.. heard it on real world last night, but all they basically played were a few lines. a guy was singing it.. i remember him saying: \"this is a song.. for everyone i've known.. (something) (something) long way home...\"help me.. please.anyone kno the name/artist of a song.. heard it on real world last night, but all they basically played were a few lines. a guy was singing it.. i remember him saying: \"this is a song.. for everyone i've known.. (something) (something) long way home...\"it wasn't rap or R&B.help me.. please. 
so i really reallly really want to go to a concert thier but the pit tickets were way to much money so i said no but now i wanna go but the seat tickets are expensive too so i was thinking about buying lawn tickets but i dont know cuz the lawn is really far from the stage so do u think its worth  buying the lawn tickest are does it suck on the lawn???? 
here is the deal.I have a friend who commited suicide last October. I really miss him and music helps me deal, I'm sure I'm not alone there. I want to find a song that is about missing someone who has passed on.I'd prefer something slow/ acoustic, but any suggestions would be great. 
I want some little brother music cauz i just started to listen to him and hes really kool, I only have one song called Life of the party remix, and if you can give me any songs prod by Nottz or mannie fresh. 
what was the name of the girl who was just singing on the tonight show with jay leno?she played the guitar6-11-08 
I THINK it might be an ad for Queensland or Tasmania tourism or something, but I'm not sure. I kind of tune out and just listen to the song. Haven't seen the ad in a while, and I'd really like to know what the song was, if anyone has any idea what ad I'm talking about.I don't think it was that. The singer was female, and the song was very soft and calm. 


If so how was it? Which one was it West Covina or Huntington Park? What is the dress code like for men? How is the crowd and environment?? 

I recently saw a video of a band from Australia or New Zealand (or an island close by there). The song was kind of fusion / jazz / pop.The lead male singer was a good looking island type guy. I believe he might be Maori. He was wearing a kind of black wool skull cap. I believe this was a fairly new song / video.Anyone know the name of the band?I recently saw a video of a band from Australia or New Zealand (or an island close by there). The song was kind of fusion / jazz / pop.The lead male singer was a good looking island type guy. He was brown / dark skinned with chisled features. I believe he might be Maori. He's good looking enough to be a model. He was wearing a kind of black wool skull cap. I think he wears them in a couple of their videos. I believe this was a fairly new song / video. The video is also on youtube somewhere.Anyone know the name of the band? 
idk the name but its likeu can gett it this or u can get it thatit was in the episode of ROB AND BIG where rob and Uncle Jerry have a dance off i believe.Helps people :] 
Know any punk/hardcore/upbeat bands or songs I can listen too?---By 'punk', I mean bands like The Clash. I'm not really a fan of the modern punk bands.---By 'upbeat', I mean something like HelloGoodBye, or Metro Station. =] 
Does it have to do with mouth position, tongue position, or a combination of both? How do you, as a singer, do this? 
OK, so I need some punk-bands to listen too. I love bands like The Clash. Any suggestions? 
cisco kid by pizza man 
The song that played in the opening and during the credits.It's instrumental I believe. 
these are the lyrics:when i wake up i look out and check for the sun because that's the only sign the day has begunstretch my body wiping my eyes and say a little prayer for safety before i hop out and get out thereyeah i try to stay away from a daily routinelifes a war zone with casualties caught in betweenand tomorrow means that the future fades away and all your dreams transform to yesterdayso i listen to the sound of the people on their way to work...Ive been thinkingabout the situation that were inand i feel crazy in this space where nobody winsive been looking for a way to goive been looking for the way to go- - please help, i already tried googling & whatnot.- no i didn't post it on azlyrics, but that was the only that site came up when i googled up the lyrics. 
i need to know the band, the song name ughhhhhfrusterating, i heard this song on the radio, its really wierd, idk the name of it but all i do know, it sounds... arabic?, and im pretty sure its kinda new, the guitar in it is really wierd, distorted and has really wierd sounds to it....if i could do the \"dun dun dun duns\" and you could hear me, i'd do it but in this case i cant so this is all i have for you... please help... =/ 
i need to know the band, the song name ughhhhhfrusterating, i heard this song on the radio, its really wierd, idk the name of it but all i do know, it sounds... arabic?, and im pretty sure its kinda new, the guitar in it is really wierd, distorted and has really wierd sounds to it....if i could do the \"dun dun dun duns\" and you could hear me, i'd do it but in this case i cant so this is all i have for you... please help... =/ 
can anyone plz give me the Crunk hits Vol 1 Playlist.like ALL the song on the Album, n only Volume 1....Thanks 
what do you recommend?i listen to everything. so any genre is fine. thanks. [: 
I want to know what song from the beastie boys did big tuck sample?? its annoying me i dont know it... 
please be specific.thanks!im sorry, \"including.\" 
i haven't found them anywhere, i know its not a real instant star song, a mini, but still want to lyrics. please. 
I NEED TO KNOWi sing pop musicand write my own songs 
anyone know any songs with great drums or guitar? (i play both) 
i need lyrics for the old version of \"The Past The Love The Memories\"if anyone has a copy of these lyrics for the version created before their EP \"She Watched The Sky...\" could you please help?I need lyrics for the old version of \"The Past The Love The Memories\"if anyone has a copy of these lyrics for the version created before their EP \"She Watched The Sky...\" could you please help?*edit* thanks to those that have answered, but there is actually an older version that they wrote BEFORE they released \"She Watched The Sky...\"it has a lot more words than the version on that ep.it starts with a guitar riff straight away 
I LOVE indie and alternative (death cab for cutie, interpol, HIM, frou frou, modest mouse)Im very familiar with \"oldies\" from the 60s and 70s soo none of that (I know it all)I seem to like some 80s alternative like eco and bunnymen & tears for fears kinda of thing...I also like some hard rock... Disturbed, and Kornsoooooooooooooooooo any sugestions to what i might like??p.s. HATE hip hop, rap, R&B ect. BLAH! 

its an old mexican song i think. its sang by a female its an old song. it goes '' me dices que tu ya no me quieres ......\" 
im looking for bands like mayday parade, paramore, underoath, bullet for my valentine, and similar to these... 
I was listening to this song on the christian radio and can't figure out who singer is or what the song.  I can only remember a sentence, and I think it starts of as something like \"God, I love the way you love me...\" 
Wondering if I should sing for a school project.http://s2.photobucket.com/player.swf?file=http://vid2.photobucket.com/albums/y21/Torquoise/hamster.flv&fs=1&os=1&ap=1thanks you guys :)for comments, critiques, & advice 
Alright i have a question here, kinda vague, really sweet techno beat, lyrics are along the lines of \"Number 78 ring any bells\"  there is also \"Your the air i breath...all ive ever wanted.\" and something about driving in a car, i got this thing stuck in my head and ive been on a mad hunt to find it any ideas guys?It might not have the second part I cannot remember i might be patching a few songs, but it definalty has \"number 78 ring any bells\" 
the song is Maryland Twisters jump music for The Cheerleading Worlds...\"the catacory is (maryland twister f5) let me know you ain got know (then alot of words i cant here) this anit no time for you to go home walk show skank hoe judges your score tens.. it os also in:ICE Athletics J5 music, i think Top Gun Co-Ed 5, and probably alot more please if you know the song im talking about tell me! or a website that i can type in lyrics and find a song 

The lyrics we caught were \"Turn the radio upIt's a good day\"and \"It's the start of something beautiful.\" 
I kno ur tired of this question but.....What's tha newest rap/hip hop/R&B? I want tha newest & hottest stuff!!!THNX!I need NEW stuff.stuff thats not on TV yet 
i know rihanna sang it first then mandy moore and some marie digby but some one told me it was an old song and they all redo it ? is it true? and if yes who was the original singer? 
i cant find any good music, for some odd reason.so do any of you have good ideas of a band or song. something like thats not what most people listen too. not on the radio. 
Any one know when you can buy her CD? 
mine isIn Bloom 
Who do you think is the better Cannibal Corpse frontman? 
It makes this awefull cracking noise. 

Hi i was wondering what country song.. came out in like 2005 i believe was about a buring fire outside of town ... heading towards like the city or something... the singer was male, beat was fast but not overly... anywyas if anyone could help me with would be very helpful thanks ive tried so hard to remember the song and cant. 
just wonderin wat songs yall may have n mind.na not rly just lyk for instence im n love n cnt stop thinkin bout sum guy. 
which is easier? which shows you are more talented? which is more common?quick answers. i don't play and i don't have the talent to learn. i was watching the vid for bleed it out and it looked like he was using a pick and i'd only seen non-pick users before. though i don't pay a lot of attention. so i thought i'd ask. i wish i could play. keep the answers coming. 
Can someone name some good 90's alt rock songs?Green Day, STP, Nirvana, Soundgarden, etc.Props goes to whoever can name something good I haven't heard in a long time!Thanks :D 
it goes something like this iam a freak in the morning a freak in the eveningits not adina ita a song i heard on the radio lil wayne is in it to please helo 
I got a electric guitar and amp (Ashton) about 2 months ago.I use it sometimes and i dont take lessons.I just print guitar tabs from the internet and practise them.Im kinda new to amps and guitars and i was wondering:When i strum a string is the sound supposed to keep coming out of the amp for as long as the sting is vibrating?Because when i strum a string once the sound of it would last about  2 minutes if i just let the string keep vibrating.When i play a tune and i strum a new string the sound from the new string is being drowned out from the sound of the previous string.Its really annoying and the tune doesnt sound clear.Is this supposed to happen?I thought that if i strum a new string the sound from the previous string would be cut off.Thnx for any help. 
The page just wont load. It will say \"Page not found\" Joshgroba.com/store/write_us.html 
I got a electric guitar and amp (Ashton) about 2 months ago.I use it sometimes and i dont take lessons.I just print guitar tabs from the internet and practise them.Im kinda new to amps and guitars and i was wondering:When i strum a string is the sound supposed to keep coming out of the amp for as long as the sting is vibrating?Because when i strum a string once the sound of it would last about  2 minutes if i just let the string keep vibrating.When i play a tune and i strum a new string the sound from the new string is being drowned out from the sound of the previous string.Its really annoying and the tune doesnt sound clear.Is this supposed to happen?I thought that if i strum a new string the sound from the previous string would be cut off.Thnx for any help. 
The page just wont load. It will say \"Page not found\" Joshgroba.com/store/write_us.html 
I got a electric guitar and amp (Ashton) about 2 months ago.I use it sometimes and i dont take lessons.I just print guitar tabs from the internet and practise them.Im kinda new to amps and guitars and i was wondering:When i strum a string is the sound supposed to keep coming out of the amp for as long as the sting is vibrating?Because when i strum a string once the sound of it would last about  2 minutes if i just let the string keep vibrating.When i play a tune and i strum a new string the sound from the new string is being drowned out from the sound of the previous string.Its really annoying and the tune doesnt sound clear.Is this supposed to happen?I thought that if i strum a new string the sound from the previous string would be cut off.Thnx for any help. 
The page just wont load. It will say \"Page not found\" Joshgroba.com/store/write_us.html 
I got a electric guitar and amp (Ashton) about 2 months ago.I use it sometimes and i dont take lessons.I just print guitar tabs from the internet and practise them.Im kinda new to amps and guitars and i was wondering:When i strum a string is the sound supposed to keep coming out of the amp for as long as the sting is vibrating?Because when i strum a string once the sound of it would last about  2 minutes if i just let the string keep vibrating.When i play a tune and i strum a new string the sound from the new string is being drowned out from the sound of the previous string.Its really annoying and the tune doesnt sound clear.Is this supposed to happen?I thought that if i strum a new string the sound from the previous string would be cut off.Thnx for any help. 
The page just wont load. It will say \"Page not found\" Joshgroba.com/store/write_us.html 
I need the lyrics to the LOS bad boy version and fabolous! If you have any other that'd be great too!!!!! 
not just thats how u know and not limeware 
Im trying to find some good songs to play on acoustic guitars, but my search isn't too fruitful, any suggestions 
seriously, she just discovered a new note that she thinks sounds perfect, but really, not to be mean but she sucks and she cant see it........................she will do that note like everytime a song she likes comes on!!!!! i cringe EVERYTIME she does it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! how can i make her stop?? 
So Im looking for the lyrics to the song Narcotics Anonymous.It is by DZK. Please please please help. 
being sick of love....like you hate that you love the person you do....I like scremo music the best so yeah...kinda give me some lyrics from the song 2 plez.... 
i;m going to learn the song What I'm Looking For, its by Brendan Benson, off his album The Alternative to Love.I'm wondering if its a hard song to learn, and if anybody has the sheet music for it or knows where to find it. (i don't just want a link to a website that might have it, i want a direct link to it, i've been searching around for ages.)thanks, would love any help. 
I love songs like Flyleaf's All Around Me, Paramore's Pressure, juat anything. My computer crashed, and before it did I had a little over 8,000 songs. My memory is really bad, and I cant remember really any great songs. If someone could give me a good website to go to with a list of songs i'd be so thankful. Just anything you can do to help. 

It is to the beat of iron man, \"I am grand wizard man born leader of the klu klux klan white sheets and pointy hats chasing ni**ers down with baseball bats\". 


Ok, this one is tough.  It was on the grocery store Muzak.  It has a slow verse, with little or no drums, and an upbeat chorus that has drums.  It sounds like late 70s or early 80s.  The chorus lyrics I can hardly remember but they repeat a few lines, something first, then something about \"you always knew me the best\" or similar.It sounds like a sort of average early 80s light rock style band a-la Ambrosia, Player, Boz Skaggs, something along those lines.  Throw out anything you can think of please, it's driving me nuts.Ro-Vale, how the HELL did you figure it out?  The details I gave were totally wrong, and the lines weren't even from the chorus?  WOW!Well, thanks, it's the right song.Oh, no, it's not the right song, but it triggered the right song in my head.  It was very close.  The song I'm thinking of should be easier to find, I was able to write out the melody and now I'll just post it up and see who recognises it. 
If you guys could help me out that would be friggin awesome =D all i need is a list of good hip hop/rap songs that i can just sit down, chill and listen to through my mp3 player. Thank you all. 
For example:Grind on me by pretty ricky!I can read ur mind by AvantPlease name da artist as well!Thank U! 
not like slow nessicaraly but like hip hop, rock,pop, country... any suggestions??? 
plz i looked up the band Oceanaand i cant find any lyrics except for like 3 songs of thierscan anybody give me the lyrics for all of the songs?Band:OceanaAlbum: the tide 
http://youtube.com/watch?v=XR1Eqpv7fao      I LOVE IT!!=) 
okay some of the lyrics are (rising up again i embrace the sun)sorry but thats like all i heard 
classical music 
Anyone?or Gallan Mithiyan by Miss Pooja 
Anyone?or Gallan Mithiyan by Miss Pooja 
Anyone?or Gallan Mithiyan by Miss Pooja 
Anyone?or Gallan Mithiyan by Miss Pooja 
Anyone?or Gallan Mithiyan by Miss Pooja 
Anyone?or Gallan Mithiyan by Miss Pooja 
Anyone?or Gallan Mithiyan by Miss Pooja 
Anyone?or Gallan Mithiyan by Miss Pooja 

It has a techno beat on it, not the drums, and it has a lower pitch than the original. There's also another guy who's rapping (doesn't sound like kanye) so i think it might be a VS song, but im not sure 
Does anyone know the theme song for the new zune pass commercial? Link:http://de.youtube.com/watch?v=WF94xKmuGxQThanks! 
OK i have no idea who sang it but i clearly remember the videoThere is this girl who lost her husband and she remembers their memories together through out the song and i remember a scene where she tries to cut her wrist and end her life then a scene where she is taking the washed dried clothes when it suddenly starts raining and her husband also helps her to take the clothes but finally she ends her life by drowning her self in the water she keeps a  snail made of glass in the rocks which her husband gave her and then she ends her life. . .the glass snail is the gift that her husband gives her. .. any idea which song it is? thanks 

im spanish hispanic as is my other half its his birthday sunday and im seeing him today so im just doing him a little cd of our songs im just not sure weather to add this one its quite a beautiful song what you guys think of it?http://www.imeem.com/flatikoadri/music/5vObzv0c/los_inquietos_no_se_que_pensaras/ 
Mine are CalifornicationDani California 
Looking for any songs that have guatemala in their lyrics. 
Just wondering if anyone knows thsi track. I always hear it when I go clubbing and it's driving me crazy, it's been months since I first heard it.http://youtube.com/watch?v=jICD5JxvtTE 
hey ppl i want a help ! i want some good emo bands like mcr or chiodos. and suggest me some good songs from them =] thankies 
Is that Gregorian chanting in the beginning? If not it sounds like a bunch of monks chanting in monastery! 
i want suggestions for a new myspace song.i like metal, hardcore, metalcore, indie, punk pop, punk rock.i'm leaning towards a metal or hardcore song.and i don't want an extremely well known band.a little known band would be nice.and i want metal or hardcore the most but the other genres are fine.honestly i like all genres but i like them most.and no offense but anything that sounds like metallica or has that mettallica vocal sound i don't like so none of that please.and i like most screaming too.not the hard to understand kind though.stuff like parkway drive and as i lay dying and lamb of god.umm yea whoever left me that second comment you need to read the details saying what kinda of music i like you stupid cunt.i can't stand acoustic guitars for very long in songs so no slow acoustic songs either. 
then someone answers...i wanna be a mutha f**ckn hustla you betta aks somebody?? where is this from?!!?!?thanks a shit ton guys 
I live in Glendale, CA (Little Armenia) and lately during lunch, drill team dances to Armenian music, but don't know what they are, but I know they are popular and pretty old.  Anybody have an idea? 
Who sings that song, she has the best voice I've ever heard in my life? 
Hi im russian and my family is having a party on saturday and i am in charge of getting the songs and i was wondering what song that fillip kirkorov sang was that had the words \"che che che che che\" :-) k thankyou in advance 
i made this in like 5 minutes so yeahits just a rhyme, nothing else. Do you think its good for a 14 year old? It's not true by the way. :)I took her by the handstold her I was a fanshe left me the next daytold me we werent the sameI chased her down the blockman, was she in shocktold her I would stay foreverI would never leave her, not everim like a disease I just don\u2019t leavebut the next day she diedman, was I surprisedand thats the end of herbut not the end of mefound another girland had a babyWell it rhymes at least. And it makes sense which is what matters. Thanks guys. 
... leavin, leavin me behind,  bring me your love, bring it on down.    Hope this is enough because I cannot remember much of it. 
please give me a opinion on what u think and is a pawnshop a safe place to get one and what model would be best thanks 
or songsthanks :] 
Does anyone know where I can get the album Fuck It  by Heavy Heavy Low Low? Like download the entire album not a song at a time or anything. 

the chrous is like \"dont look behind\" or something like that and its catchy 
r&b songs..no rock 
There is a new country song out that has parts of Black Water by the Doobie Brothers in it at the end. Does anyone know this new song and who sings it? 
the music video starts out with her and shes alone playing the piano and eventually she is accompanied by a boy and they are throwing bright colored sand at the end of it at eachother.i cant be more specific. im brain dead right now...thats why im on here.the singer is a girl. she has brown hair. the song is like a year old. she has a high voice, obviously singing about love. and they throw super bright colored (almost like chalk dust) sand at each other and are covered in it at the end of the video.AMBER GOT IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
lol...just asking.I'm talking about a girl calling a dude a bust it baby?  not male on male..  lol.would you let a girl call you wet wet or yum yum? lol. 
I am currently in the market for a drumset. I had a Tama Rockstar for the last 7yrs but would like a different sound. 
Could anyone please tell me what the song in the Fuse commercial is? It is the commercial where the sock puppet (I think a sock puppet, but i do know it was a puppet) has a little camera an meets another sock puppet? The song is a real soft and simple guitar and voice piece (I'm pretty sure the guitar was the only instrument).I am sorry my description is so vauge (spelling correct?), but I could not find a YouTube video or article with the song name.Thank You In Advance,Will GriffithIt is an American commercial, but I do not know if it is in other countries. 
it goes \"....party! Dance! ......come on everybody, get up and party!.....party, party, dance, dance....it's a high energy disco song from the 80s....the kind you hear at circus circus in los angeles 

url:  http://youtube.com/watch?v=ubWJw6U3_fAyes we made alllll of it up.  =]what do you think? we love hearing peoples opinions.comment the vid if you want.thanks!and best answer gets 10 poeints.   :] 
http://profile.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=user.viewprofile&friendid=21694879pleassee helpp. i wanna knowww! 
looking for a country song called Daddy's little girl 

My cousin just love Billy and both me and my mom thinks he's gay, do you think he's gay? why and why not?Don't tell me it's because he talks about what kind of girls he wants because gays guys do talk about girls especially if they wants to hide out that they are gay. 
electric or acoustic, harp, whatever, it doesn't matter... 
i love manowar songs the sing about war sowrds dragons do you know any band with the same theme in the songs? 
I've liked a guy for a while and finally got the nerve to send him and email about how I really felt. He told me he felt the same way...but this kinda confused me because hes been my friend for a while and was in love with another girl...And now we're both hoping we'll turn into something more than friends....Any good songs? 
If yes, can you  give me the name of the song or the artist. here's a verse \"I'm up, out moving all about, it's saturday again, no doubt\" It's the first song on this video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RHjtarG_wY8 
the music i listen 2 isi listen to classic rock like deep purple led zep n iron maiden etc i also listen 2 some thrash  like metallica n megadeth n kreator n anthrax etci also lsten 2 some grunge like nirvana n pearl jam n stone temple pilots etcand also other general metal who else can i listen 2 
I am totally in love with the \"Winterland 1973\" boxed set on sale at dead.net. However, I don't have $100 to spend on a boxed set, no matter how awesomely perfect. I considered American Beauty and Workingman but think I might want a concert. And I absolutely refuse to copy someone else's W 73 onto my hard drive. I'm thinking, like $30 used, three or four discs. Any suggestions? 
heyy i want to know some of the coolest brit bands, i know some like the arctic monkeys, muse, the libertines, franz ferdinand.. well i want to know some of that style xD 
I was watching the show on MTV's website and while watching the auditions I came across a song I've been searching for quite awhile and so I was wondering if anyone knew the name of it.  The song is in SoReal Cru's dance.Here's the link: http://www.mtv.com/overdrive/?id=1588855and the song starts at about ~ 57:29.I tried googling it but I could only type in a few of its lyrics since it's really short. Please help me out if you know what the name of the song is! Thank you! 
ok..how many of u actually kno these guys...these guys were a thrash/progressive metal group in the 80s..released only 2 materpieces that influenced other well known metal artists ( slayer..dream theater..metallica..etc)n for those who do kno...have u listened to Ron Jarzombek's (guitarist) other works??..'Spastic Ink' and 'Blotted Science'...did u like them???talkin abt the bands they influenced...Death was another 

ok so there's this rap song and I first heard it in a firend's car then it was on MTV the past couple days...lik at the end of a show when they have the music video thing....anyway it says something about the lime and then coconut and miX it up...I know it's not the specific but it says it like 4 times....and please don't post stupid answers like who cares it rap or rap sucks or a song no one will remember in a few monthsif you don't like rap then don't look at a question about a rap songthat's just silly 
i want suggestions for a new myspace song.i like metal, hardcore, metalcore, indie, punk pop, punk rock.i'm leaning towards a metal or hardcore song.and i don't want an extremely well known band.a little known band would be nice.and i want metal or hardcore the most but the other genres are fine.honestly i like all genres but i like them most.and no offense but anything that sounds like metallica or has that mettallica vocal sound i don't like so none of that please.and i like most screaming too.not the hard to understand kind though.stuff like parkway drive and as i lay dying and lamb of god. 
i want suggestions for a new myspace song.i like metal, hardcore, metalcore, indie, punk pop, punk rock.i'm leaning towards a metal or hardcore song.and i don't want an extremely well known band.a little known band would be nice.and i want metal or hardcore the most but the other genres are fine.honestly i like all genres but i like them most.and no offense but anything that sounds like metallica or has that mettallica vocal sound i don't like so none of that please.and i like most screaming too.not the hard to understand kind though.stuff like parkway drive and as i lay dying and lamb of god. 
i want suggestions for a new myspace song.i like metal, hardcore, metalcore, indie, punk pop, punk rock.i'm leaning towards a metal or hardcore song.and i don't want an extremely well known band.a little known band would be nice.and i want metal or hardcore the most but the other genres are fine.honestly i like all genres but i like them most.and no offense but anything that sounds like metallica or has that mettallica vocal sound i don't like so none of that please.and i like most screaming too.not the hard to understand kind though.stuff like parkway drive and as i lay dying and lamb of god. 
i want suggestions for a new myspace song.i like metal, hardcore, metalcore, indie, punk pop, punk rock.i'm leaning towards a metal or hardcore song.and i don't want an extremely well known band.a little known band would be nice.and i want metal or hardcore the most but the other genres are fine.honestly i like all genres but i like them most.and no offense but anything that sounds like metallica or has that mettallica vocal sound i don't like so none of that please.and i like most screaming too.not the hard to understand kind though.stuff like parkway drive and as i lay dying and lamb of god. 
I have a sweet mix that my friend burned for me ages ago, but he refuses to tell me the name/artists of some of the songs that are on it and I can't  find them anywhere.  Please help!Track Five:Baby don't you worryI'm afraid to put my soul to rest...There's a place...Which I truly do believeThere's a spaceThat's where we'll...And we'll leave our destinations But my soul remainsHow does it feel... nothing is realTrack 5:If you found a wayCould you show me a signCould you hold the doorAnd let me run through To a better placeThat let's my mindHelps my mind chooseI have to count on you...Track 6:We made a sensationWe are the onesThen we made a commitmentAlways to ride clean in the race...We're moving closer to our fateKeeping coming on and up...I think there is magic that I seeLet's take it from here and upTrack 7All I got from this was:Say my name like you did before...You don't know what love is 
I have a sweet mix that my friend burned for me ages ago, but he refuses to tell me the name/artists of some of the songs that are on it and I can't  find them anywhere.  Please help!Track Five:Baby don't you worryI'm afraid to put my soul to rest...There's a place...Which I truly do believeThere's a spaceThat's where we'll...And we'll leave our destinations But my soul remainsHow does it feel... nothing is realTrack 5:If you found a wayCould you show me a signCould you hold the doorAnd let me run through To a better placeThat let's my mindHelps my mind chooseI have to count on you...Track 6:We made a sensationWe are the onesThen we made a commitmentAlways to ride clean in the race...We're moving closer to our fateKeeping coming on and up...I think there is magic that I seeLet's take it from here and upTrack 7All I got from this was:Say my name like you did before...You don't know what love is 
I have a sweet mix that my friend burned for me ages ago, but he refuses to tell me the name/artists of some of the songs that are on it and I can't  find them anywhere.  Please help!Track Five:Baby don't you worryI'm afraid to put my soul to rest...There's a place...Which I truly do believeThere's a spaceThat's where we'll...And we'll leave our destinations But my soul remainsHow does it feel... nothing is realTrack 5:If you found a wayCould you show me a signCould you hold the doorAnd let me run through To a better placeThat let's my mindHelps my mind chooseI have to count on you...Track 6:We made a sensationWe are the onesThen we made a commitmentAlways to ride clean in the race...We're moving closer to our fateKeeping coming on and up...I think there is magic that I seeLet's take it from here and upTrack 7All I got from this was:Say my name like you did before...You don't know what love is 
I have a sweet mix that my friend burned for me ages ago, but he refuses to tell me the name/artists of some of the songs that are on it and I can't  find them anywhere.  Please help!Track Five:Baby don't you worryI'm afraid to put my soul to rest...There's a place...Which I truly do believeThere's a spaceThat's where we'll...And we'll leave our destinations But my soul remainsHow does it feel... nothing is realTrack 5:If you found a wayCould you show me a signCould you hold the doorAnd let me run through To a better placeThat let's my mindHelps my mind chooseI have to count on you...Track 6:We made a sensationWe are the onesThen we made a commitmentAlways to ride clean in the race...We're moving closer to our fateKeeping coming on and up...I think there is magic that I seeLet's take it from here and upTrack 7All I got from this was:Say my name like you did before...You don't know what love is 
i want suggestions for a new myspace song.i like metal, hardcore, metalcore, indie, punk pop, punk rock.i'm leaning towards a metal or hardcore song.and i don't want an extremely well known band.a little known band would be nice.and i want metal or hardcore the most but the other genres are fine.honestly i like all genres but i like them most.and no offense but anything that sounds like metallica or has that mettallica vocal sound i don't like so none of that please.and i like most screaming too.not the hard to understand kind though.stuff like parkway drive and as i lay dying and lamb of god. 
i want suggestions for a new myspace song.i like metal, hardcore, metalcore, indie, punk pop, punk rock.i'm leaning towards a metal or hardcore song.and i don't want an extremely well known band.a little known band would be nice.and i want metal or hardcore the most but the other genres are fine.honestly i like all genres but i like them most.and no offense but anything that sounds like metallica or has that mettallica vocal sound i don't like so none of that please.and i like most screaming too.not the hard to understand kind though.stuff like parkway drive and as i lay dying and lamb of god. 
i want suggestions for a new myspace song.i like metal, hardcore, metalcore, indie, punk pop, punk rock.i'm leaning towards a metal or hardcore song.and i don't want an extremely well known band.a little known band would be nice.and i want metal or hardcore the most but the other genres are fine.honestly i like all genres but i like them most.and no offense but anything that sounds like metallica or has that mettallica vocal sound i don't like so none of that please.and i like most screaming too.not the hard to understand kind though.stuff like parkway drive and as i lay dying and lamb of god. 
i want suggestions for a new myspace song.i like metal, hardcore, metalcore, indie, punk pop, punk rock.i'm leaning towards a metal or hardcore song.and i don't want an extremely well known band.a little known band would be nice.and i want metal or hardcore the most but the other genres are fine.honestly i like all genres but i like them most.and no offense but anything that sounds like metallica or has that mettallica vocal sound i don't like so none of that please.and i like most screaming too.not the hard to understand kind though.stuff like parkway drive and as i lay dying and lamb of god. 
I have a sweet mix that my friend burned for me ages ago, but he refuses to tell me the name/artists of some of the songs that are on it and I can't  find them anywhere.  Please help!Track Five:Baby don't you worryI'm afraid to put my soul to rest...There's a place...Which I truly do believeThere's a spaceThat's where we'll...And we'll leave our destinations But my soul remainsHow does it feel... nothing is realTrack 5:If you found a wayCould you show me a signCould you hold the doorAnd let me run through To a better placeThat let's my mindHelps my mind chooseI have to count on you...Track 6:We made a sensationWe are the onesThen we made a commitmentAlways to ride clean in the race...We're moving closer to our fateKeeping coming on and up...I think there is magic that I seeLet's take it from here and upTrack 7All I got from this was:Say my name like you did before...You don't know what love is 
I have a sweet mix that my friend burned for me ages ago, but he refuses to tell me the name/artists of some of the songs that are on it and I can't  find them anywhere.  Please help!Track Five:Baby don't you worryI'm afraid to put my soul to rest...There's a place...Which I truly do believeThere's a spaceThat's where we'll...And we'll leave our destinations But my soul remainsHow does it feel... nothing is realTrack 5:If you found a wayCould you show me a signCould you hold the doorAnd let me run through To a better placeThat let's my mindHelps my mind chooseI have to count on you...Track 6:We made a sensationWe are the onesThen we made a commitmentAlways to ride clean in the race...We're moving closer to our fateKeeping coming on and up...I think there is magic that I seeLet's take it from here and upTrack 7All I got from this was:Say my name like you did before...You don't know what love is 
I have a sweet mix that my friend burned for me ages ago, but he refuses to tell me the name/artists of some of the songs that are on it and I can't  find them anywhere.  Please help!Track Five:Baby don't you worryI'm afraid to put my soul to rest...There's a place...Which I truly do believeThere's a spaceThat's where we'll...And we'll leave our destinations But my soul remainsHow does it feel... nothing is realTrack 5:If you found a wayCould you show me a signCould you hold the doorAnd let me run through To a better placeThat let's my mindHelps my mind chooseI have to count on you...Track 6:We made a sensationWe are the onesThen we made a commitmentAlways to ride clean in the race...We're moving closer to our fateKeeping coming on and up...I think there is magic that I seeLet's take it from here and upTrack 7All I got from this was:Say my name like you did before...You don't know what love is 
I have a sweet mix that my friend burned for me ages ago, but he refuses to tell me the name/artists of some of the songs that are on it and I can't  find them anywhere.  Please help!Track Five:Baby don't you worryI'm afraid to put my soul to rest...There's a place...Which I truly do believeThere's a spaceThat's where we'll...And we'll leave our destinations But my soul remainsHow does it feel... nothing is realTrack 5:If you found a wayCould you show me a signCould you hold the doorAnd let me run through To a better placeThat let's my mindHelps my mind chooseI have to count on you...Track 6:We made a sensationWe are the onesThen we made a commitmentAlways to ride clean in the race...We're moving closer to our fateKeeping coming on and up...I think there is magic that I seeLet's take it from here and upTrack 7All I got from this was:Say my name like you did before...You don't know what love is 

it just came out not that long ago.  i used to sing it all the time.  it's by this band and it's about a girl cheating on the guy and it shows pictures of her making out with the other dude and she's blond i think and in the video it shows her in her bra or something in the window and it's about like that he knows what she's doing and stuff?  sorry i'm in a hurry, i probably make no sense.  i really need it on my ipod so thanks!tayrrennUnfaithful? Did you read the details, it's a band that has it, not a singer.  yo yo yo, please listen!peace. 
Like with no lyrics and then ones with just lyrics\"Not\" word lyrics  and so i can put it on windows movie maker plz help me 
\"and we dont care about the old folks talking bout the young folks\" then wistling lol :] thx 
My friend says it's about a car crash...but I'm curious to know if anyone else has any idea(s)...? 

Is the song waledance an actual dance? i really like the song personally and wanna know some background to it. 
ok, i need some REALLY good songs from disney channel, it has to be a actor/actress/singer on disney channel!! it can also be from disney mania cds. HELP ME! thank u 
ok what i remember about it is that it mentions a lot of 80's bands i think. i know that one of them is twisted sister. if you could please help me thanksit is not bowling for soup 1985 
in another part hes talkin about smokin a bush? 
I saw it today, the lyrics are: \"You'll find it again...\" 
I want to find a cool guitar thats not your typical, fender gibson ibanez esp bc rich etc. Who makes the coolest affordable axes that will make other guitar players say \"Man what is that? Where'd ya get it?\" 
It is a new hit on radioIt is a new r&b rap hit on radio 
Stop making music like the song Good Enough..it seemed like he was in a really good place in his life then. I really miss music like that. Today's music is a bunch of gibberish with no meaning. Old Skool R&B rocks 
In a world thats crushing me, ur the only one i see.i wont change my mind for anybody,i wont waste my time on just anybodyi wont share my life with anyone but you (its such a long road..)anyone but you...yeah those are some of the lyricsname of song and artist please! 
Okay, what are some new rap songs that have come out? 
LOL THERE IS THIS SONG AND AT THE BEGINNIG SOMEONE IS TALKING AND IM SURE IT SAYS MUDDY WATER WHAT IS IT?geez ur freakin rude and for the prick that answered it its a male and im sure its rock 
OK, there is a song that i heard recently, and i knew the name of it at the time, but now i forgot it, and i only remember one line. It's like \"I won't let you fall, when you think it's over\" or \"i won't let you go, when you think it's over\" or something like that. PLEASE help this has been bugging me SO much!!!!! Thanks to all who answer! 
author maybe jane or joan 
Do you like them? 

i looked it up on youtube because i saw it on southpark and while i was loading it i read the comments and a lot of people said it was a racist song.I couldnt tell if it was or not when i listend to it.So is it?If so please list a lyric from it that supports it. 
Anyone know the name of the song in the Cisco Commercial \"Relief Worker\" found here?http://www.cisco.com/web/about/facts_info/advertising.htmlThe end of the song goes \"It's been a while now\" and is mellow and folk-sh, with just an acoustic guitar playing.  Thanks! 
What in your opinion is the best song ever remade?For instance, Luther Vandross: Superstar...Fall out boy's  version of Beat it was surprisingly good. 
recently I saw a band...and i have been thinking ever since then... how do the people in like non-signed bands tour?? i realize they make money doing gigs but they cant make enough to feed themselves, buy gas, and stay in hotels everynight. so do they stay in hotels everynight? do they have jobs on the road. what do they do?? 
Im trying to find songs that is similar to this type o fmusic.Heres a few songs I like to give u an idea:Sorry-BuckcherryEverything-BuckcherryIts not my time-3 Doors DownHow Far WE've Come-Matchbox TwentyIn Over My HEad-The FrayHow to save a life-The FrayBe yourself-AudioslaveStuff like that :) thx.Give me as many songs as u can think of that are similar 
the only part i can remember is about the guy saying something about kicking someone in a tree.... yeah its vague i know. help me out though. 
I know it sucks,but help me!There is no one more important to me than you,there is just one thing that I want,and that is you. 
got any?preferably the good stuff from Germany and the UKwhat year is this music?http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W_K2hmFX1Aoor thishttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9MoUs8ZlbK0 
best answer goes to whoever convinces me that their choice is better than Eric Petersen 
What's your opinion of \"Music From 'The Elder'\"? And, while we're at it, how about Mark St John? (r.i.p...) 
the one that's on Rob &+ Big.it goes;let me tell you about my bestfriendsomething something something something love you 'til the end.so much fun blah blah !?who sings it?<3. 
i have looked all over the web using yahoo, google, and mywebsearch engines for this album/cd. i have only seen references to the title and other albums but not this particular album...PLEASE HELP ME!i have looked all over the web using yahoo, mywebsearch, and google... also looked at amazon, bizrate, and others well known and NOT. PLEASE HELP ME!!!!!!!!! 

I like listening to sad songs when I'm sad. So any of you people know any good ones?please & thankyou 
1) What is the song Stan by Eminem really about?2) What is the best mixtape of alltime?3) What is Juelz Santana's best album?4) When does King Mathers come out? 
I'm in need of some songs that kind of have the 'i miss you'/'am i good enough for you' feel to them. i generally like anything except rap and most hip hop. thanks so much :) 
So I suddenly can't remember this song...but I know some of the lyrics go somewhat like this:I've been searching for a reason.......whole life through and through...blah blah blah, those 2 lines don't necessarily go together, but those are the only 2 I could remember, it's not one of the \"newer\" songs and I remember seeing it somewhere in a movie...and this is kinda random, but does anyone know what the ending song to Prince Caspian is? The part where Peter, Susan, Edmund, and Lucy are returning to the real word...nope its not the reason, thanks though. =) 
anyone know have any idea what this song is called/who does it? 

i need an R&B song about your girl talking or being with another guy. Does anyone know any good ones? 
It's different than knowing the repertoire of a rock band, you know who is singing those songs and can look up where the band is playing. For what it's worth, I would like to find out if anyone in my area (north of Houston) is performing John Rutter's Requiem... 
in this video there is a horn in the begining http://video.aol.com/video-detail/baby-bash-feat-hurricane-chris-gorilla-zoe-cyclone-remix/2571713812 where can i find it and other sound effects. I am a dj and any help would be great! 
I just wanted to know more before considering joining. 
Does anybody want me to mix them some songs??Put the Artist's name followed by the Name of the track.i.e.Daft Punk - One More timeIt can be House/Techno/Electro/ & Hip HopIf you want more then 5 tracks mixed message me YAHOO: dekoi_9-dj deko!Disco/70's/80's/90's 
I only know the lyricsthe base is loud the disco light shining through the crowed(chorus)the night is young dont let em turn on the lightslet us decide when they play that last songo theres something on the surface right nowand thats all i knowplease give me the song name and artist 
I'm starting to get pretty bored with the music I'm listening to. Does anyone know some fun songs that are kinda like stuff by Metro Station, Forever the Sickest Kids, We the Kings, and The Dangerous Summer?If you could, could you say your favorite songs that are kinda like that?Thanks. 
will sell more records g-unit-t.o.s. or the games-lax?i think g-unit will game fell off since he got the boot from the unit doctors advocate was horrible only the beats were hot plus hes just a garbage rapper and his new single is trash but thats just my opinion 
